Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/LsG-50-scaled.jpg)

# We believe in a society where every migrant worker lives a life of health,
well-being and dignity. Do you?

[ Get involved ](/volunteer/)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/banner2-scaled.jpg)

# Support our migrant community's healthcare needs

[ Make a donation ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

## With our community's support, here's a snapshot of HealthServe's impact in
the past year.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/migrant-workers-
engaged.svg)

0

### Migrant workers engaged in 2022

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/medical-
consultation.svg)

## 7,700

Medical consultations (across acute, chronic disease management, dental,
rehabilitation and specialist services)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/mental-health-
helpline.svg)

## 7,100

Migrant workers supported through mental health services (via crisis helpline,
counselling support, mental health education workshops)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/social-
assistance.svg)

## 3,100

Cases of social assistance rendered (in emergency financial aid, meals,
groceries, phone and transport top-ups)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/workers-under-
quarantine.svg)

## 13,400

Migrant workers engaged through outreach events and health screenings

[ Learn about our impact ](/our-impact/)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/registered-
charity.jpg)

### Established in 2006, HealthServe is an IPC registered charity dedicated to
bringing healing and hope to the migrant community in Singapore.

We serve disadvantaged migrant workers through the provision of holistic and
affordable care, from medical and mental health services to casework support
and other forms of social assistance.

[ Learn more about our work ](/medical-dental-services/)

### With your generous donation, we can keep our clinic and healthcare
services running for migrant workers who need support.

Your kind gesture provides healing and hope to low-wage migrant workers in
Singapore. Make a monthly commitment today!

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/CCH5559_ByCarolineChia.jpg)

## Hear From Our Community

If we visit [private] clinics, the consultation fee is high and there’s a
language barrier, they can’t understand me. That’s why I came here. For those
people from my hometown with fevers or headaches, I will recommend them to
come here.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/user_default.png)

Guo

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has made me feel more secure about being in a foreign country and
reminded me not to be afraid or lonely in case I need medical or emotional
support.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Rona-at-Cruise-
Ship-300x294.jpg)

Rona

Shipyard worker from Bangladesh

I thinking, I no makan but no die, maybe HealthServe come from God to help me.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Dipu-300x300.jpg)

Dipu

Construction worker from Bangladesh

HealthServe saved my life.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Jing-Xiao-
Jiang-300x259.jpg)

Jiang

Waste management worker from China

What I’m most grateful to HealthServe for is... showing me a direction to work
towards, whenever there is something I don’t understand. And when we don’t
receive our rightful compensation, HealthServe mediates for us with the
government and our employers.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Dong-Hai-
Airport-send-off-300x270.jpg)

Dong

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has been really helpful to me, especially with my medical expenses
and issues

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/dinesh-300x300.jpg)

Dinesh

Factory Worker from India

Everyone here is really friendly and nice, and is always willing to offer a
listening ear

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/ali-300x300.jpg)

Ali Jamat

Excavator Operator from Bangladesh

## Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

## Follow us for a peek into our work!

[ __ healthservesg ](https://instagram.com/healthservesg)

[

### healthservesg

We advocate for a society where every migrant worker gets to live a life of
health, well-being and dignity.  
24/7 ☎️ for Migrant Workers: +65 3129 5000

![HealthServe](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/sb-instagram-
feed-images/healthservesg.jpg) ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/
"@healthservesg")

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after c !["What's the happiest
experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"

During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes.

Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟

#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare
#migrantworkers](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cx75Ze6vihV/)

[ We held another educational health carnival over t ![We held another
educational health carnival over the weekend – this round at JTC Space@Tuas!
Glad we engaged 350 migrant brothers, and shared practical tips on how they
could take better care of their diet, oral hygiene, and mental well-being 💪

A massive shoutout to our incredible volunteers, including new friends from
the UPS Foundation @asiapacific_upsers and @sgredcross, who dedicated their
time and energy to uplift the migrant worker community
❤️](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/p/CxvBYNyvYap/)

[ #ICYMI – With a primary healthcare scheme now in ![#ICYMI – With a primary
healthcare scheme now in place for most low-wage migrant workers, what other
unaddressed healthcare needs still weigh on them?



From complex medical and dental conditions to mental health struggles, our CEO
Dr @drbenkuan sheds light on cases that fall through the cracks in this
interview with ST: https://www.straitstimes.com/videos/improving-healthcare-
for-migrant-workers-in-
singapore/6337619469112](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/plugins/instagram-feed/img/placeholder.png)
](https://www.instagram.com/p/CxnZ2s2vWYP/)

[ ![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th this week! 🎉

Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌

Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/plugins/instagram-feed/img/placeholder.png)
](https://www.instagram.com/reel/Cxhc4v1vJBX/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide? H ![How can we support
someone affected by suicide?

Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.

You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer

Training will be provided.

#Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention
#Crisishelpline](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxK-WbwvmR-/)

[ “Life is too hard. I should just die.” Imagin ![“Life is too hard. I should
just die.”

Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?

Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.

You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer

#Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention
#Crisishelpline](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/plugins/instagram-
feed/img/placeholder.png) ](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CxF1H-dyrsh/)

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#deb7b0b8b19eb6bbbfb2aab6adbbaca8bbf0b1acb9f0adb9)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#670e090108270f02060b130f140215110249081500491400)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

Something went wrong

Sorry about that! Please try again later.

Refresh

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#375e595158775f52565b435f445245415219584550194450)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAKAAAACgCAYAAACLz2ctAAAtXklEQVR4AezBAQ0AAAjAoNu/tDl0QAAAAAAAAG9NRy179gDrX9NdcfyzZ8793b9r27Zt2wqqoHYb1rYdt1Hj1AhqI6jdPrafizO7uHOSnfMi+uvFTlZm73XO9TdrZnK/TB6/Ctef5jqudm4MbgTXBofGUXAYHJaLvq/GUee4GR2tGz2tndaa80a2hWhAdCPCiAA0dBmBBQ1bH4BONqFJi8ggm6FrGWRnXKwxmrHS1kWsYYyDOBucdLk27Sycnod2cixOhzw7Fs8NnljFk8PZ01fFs087fRzPegmt+HP3uNvrF7325eD1lu6t1/SW2bxWX71x8iqRDskRjoNlqk9FoyW9yUjZQvYwgmxdIqMRzRoNNuiEjmYIIqQmNQQaltJvft/gFLnNDX3OIbLJ7FKIPBIjZAbTjzUYTeairawjGOToYm2chHG6cIa1y8eSe7r492Y8EM7/7Ez7rzf1mg8j3eUVKd1N9ZVXvUY786qteUfpnYKPkN5QuhaJokgCEEUNCbM34QlDQxhCCpu/gjb9xtTQUOHr6ucMCzbfXKN4Md+pMIbQ6rtzbnLO1Ln21QspdjPDBaT53138NeN3mvO/Pji+7xW95n04eTmAu/o8Lr3qVW++nnmj1ny08B6R3ly6DJEYhLnu4bPv9zCOCVAW+NjgaxID6QghN1AnHEOvMBTgluLt4eo28KI+n37Od7MAOHQNSQGvzb4CGGWtgDLUPlg79zTrn5G/162//4z1P/Cwu6DiHv/gTtYPXXnzj8nwYdL7S6/b0qtFIIkJm6TC15JaHQqE6h+spF2Xcs6b39VkTItkex/toi/gbT52oDW0CZitl5svsGy9nE5qWMQOMKImq6SAW1O5wvjCNbbPfTqs/975S/JXbzj/VTxyhxPw79yJ+porb/lOwee15qMNryNdikQWgCaEkpizCWAgC2hKH1BTrEC1zNSLDawCYNsDKAuYUYBlQYgKjIOgAlfTUmyfRxdy9il1sYdOg33i1c+/B466Fo0pQnIxn+L+kP/cjB++4t9+Eyd3CMBfdbvqy33U8ZVr3uucL4z0icHV2GCaYBlAywLclKyAAYGOKGogS/LVs9+qTfBM4FqBsU3IzHWhwBuipGDIOdNFScU9gAG7rbSeA4HYVAGsniFEAW0gNCkk068/nwmhzZt92a7PG3966vQHw8kf4H63seJpf+p21Ld4t9d03cdKXxe8uQRiEGqylXMeYi3PVQBfeGLsz0nNqtU0nOnX59z3aWctZ7cJZwGws9/6LKKAVS8eKbQdTKFJrSTh5sf0a5rZIBUlybBPPpA7GPdKrAIqjFKzPtT4le78m/EftzEB/9KtrPBO8Q3XvLX0tcJH49UlMWjq9nohaGP6VfUP/GLUqYmmGxiaUdJt1LSbIG694pkfF/UWLMo2u78Zd20DYoNM7OA0e+X2awO39HsQ61wvUknxxsTa7JXkI6zswdxAtEr5W+SPd9d/43ZsywvX3cr62uveE98ZvLdwsMHUaImYwAUxoIJHY5cEBKAVlWQoyTV0Y65ZUs0GqAWBmLAu5VmBtMC9hzxmHxobQOy2zQ3YCiepUdIaCPbPZIFYgc8ujbMmIxW0zdGo6VfW0OQH4fV48rVYfgHP3OIE/Bu3or7a218+vuGTpZ8P84JRoAJoFbpBjN35zy79CgTFL/2oAAprmdOypSETsGGRYurIoKRdLynSRAVYF0xvQlWSDxtYWgEidhenALETkPXzU8BUkpDcz4LiZz0DCuaawpBztUlOnf8SR1+Mh29hAp7dgvPeu1w5vILPaekbpEsRBCJQt9S5GrsLRdIrpFDhm4K2B3N3QyypNZUl8WYKTmjJAtiw1PcpICsA24ShFcBil3pRe+qtlro9S9if7+TuZ8MuxVRApdwl6/Y5kqKo0FH6+DTO/pHTn8F/3RIAb3bCfu+rvv/10xOfsaRvD149AogoIGUBcqWNDcjZ7858ClgNSt/ZATGmN0aT502eLPL5Lk/TOFt4Pi78sRgZcjTySGaTSbrw6bJAPdLs65bbNGFomkZJGtGY7wUiJkzRBTQyQosmG9nJQ4hLF2seB5dCLEFLIwJ250AAsgK+AwwGCLn1yJ0A9R3rVxOvyvrt+O9bAOBwM+uZUx/bYsKHTZIAtCAqaBt8Zd4lWvXOgoeDexb+Jbmn8dTCk8RzXTzfrKchnj/iJLVnunyuy/O0JrkGo4tMq8vkKZCLwBlIHEgO4OAUADFdDhKBVIuDI8Cp0zhsroMzZ3E014OG8yDi3HkPrR85tHB6vFquNC43ebxwPOQxcSXEFdZXaNorhnxL8nXxWuRlYBQIYZQ+i/aVRYGBuIxP4+ghjn4Yj7iJFelP3Kz6thvv/m5n/FGjB5Rz3P4/Gm0q7NOvbquexn0L/xn8Ef7mwJ/8J/dgeHkB+Cb/8uosb8r6/ng3vBnj1cnXICuMU1l6Zc6ptXjrXP0wH/h1OL/r/hf8Lde8re6HpA+NknaSmDJoCmQD6/RMKP+nvbsAsuS4En7/y6y63T2sscVMRsmklekz4zIzM++alzf8DIvGb3ntZd41My2ZmS1ZMglHjMPdfavyPLobcSNj6k231Hem50X/I9JZWdcjaWb+fbLOqcy8RMMefBIfSfxnw6dX/iC8wU+5fjMH70d5IL6HuBf9mUQzLeNEsqlWKumgn5a2p3sq/msNBXznGsj31BOb7EWJ74iwJcHUtBpBiinJpt9wFGIiZmY586+JdxY+cCs3YNkGdyMyfuJ4tj6A7htI3045qxKuuu6hjnwIdCifoPwsPrZGAr7d3eGnfc3o9O2+PfOX2JICpoUjBYFcJRmCpp+IyheDP5znjTu4Ab01YYPvJHHJiYzOZPnFlMfhUBJOtXock9YvEf9G+yzctgYC/oe7w28d96THN+HvU3FGSvifCAf/IyDERLhCiknrydyY+MfEi3GzmbLBz/jsFnwH/dOIB1JawnSjryJifd9BumfR/A2W3A3auzvDjXrflzgjBSYt+Z+ePB0Ro46Cbiv8Pv4y2GfmbPCnHrj/5/h7Pn496bnEo1FFvPj/aFA2kX6Cuffi80ctAr5k+5MeGsV7EpvS/0gGUMiTPiFNop9g8hy4C7/1U7wSYYOjwCfuS/+PlK869FQcA9lxZ3L9J/gFd4OWPe4qUfxEEzZJ1AJCE5QgIwc5kXqasBsvnecf/4GwwVHiqy7/QR/6Tfwu8WCmZQMD2XEgkL6XO5+Dxbsh4G6snpct/MgT5nhiQhRSIiEVpmUc1e96w0147k/wFwgbHGUe+Q4+fAfxvykPIzI9oAy0MOnvwfZn8u2/h7B6pLB6Xi3mbtrs5Sn5sQgLSbWkatKmi8uTscQf7eZXcNCas8Ezvbvl8QXFqnj3D5BeTjkeKAh0iCEBUT7M8ndil9Wj5R+tlju2uE/LIxULkKaXyBcgFUzX/oAvBr+zc83k2+BHvLvl+LPIj6C7F8edxqfvIK4gfwSfsiJueS0n3Jf4jfr57zDlmvNpvwZ/afVoaa2W1Dmn4XyJBIjpwnKaqgGaXBN4GW60hmxwwq9RvonxaaQt2ExZxh7KbYxfQ/c3uNowOO0gy39M/AJlx7CEdYISx1Eexc5/wNLqBbTdavhLX3vSiG+IsC0FEUAytZOtLsEg8erCW91tNvh+Ep+9AC8mvoaAaTFaYjNOJi6g+S76X2P5nVg0zI2MX0D8LjFHDwiUqkFB1+Iibn0wPrJ6Ad1qNcxxai4eHQGYFhASqQDQIrE38/pXcYM1YEPAz56G36U8GXWNDuoodT/S8xjdjvcxDPvfTvP9lItI9T8HtYSBOBfn88MfRaxSwB9cnYCNe0fvPEFKlCDXElKv5/vomA98G70N7hbf4/072fKDpKcQLQWgFqNuD6a8BA+HYfIV9K+iPIho6BEDq2QAbKW/iL99K+5cpYB/azXk/kceHswlCDIyYmB7IQ4kPnEJ11kDNthxOuMfJOZRiRCAGGpfRX4gPmuQrUvc8UnKtTi7WpwKCEBfCT4+EXfOdEn+HF8TyAAIqASckvLaxFsuplgDNlj8avL9KIgB6aD+HEpD+Wme8AsIg/zrpcxfQpxFn+hR/3N7FCT0iIfhFHxxdQKugjf7yc0tZ0NGVPIFciUjri9cYo3YoFwwLF2soJUL+MBW7DXI99zAqy8jPYV+nnoKdqhVMlspZ8HMIuAmzgo2FWRAqabfDIAEfBx3WCM2iJOGhTPdDxSO02b27MCwgN4epI8xvgWnD5dkahnLg/H3M9sTMuK+BRCVcBmBaRqM+Yg1ZINYImCVURCgD+bGDsuey4jbiNOHM2G15OfBzARsuH9jOPpFJR+6OAYFfLzntzxxJ8sn0J1EeybpfOJsnEyzhbSVmCN1OEDsJe0hfYX8JdI1uIXxjYx2Y681IT6PbyENyFeqe10lpi/x/lscnks478vEg6YEq/95VSJS7s0zE2IVAj7dSpnztJNV0tXPgYXpJOS2TexyjPBwb93JwoU88t4cfCjNA0kX0G8nIwH6gTO5AgkF+SBxC6P3Uz5N8wl8BVe7W5QPkfZQtquj23Ckmr73bi4qVsRtV2LgmY9DTM1n8+LN2L8KAV9sJVzqOXMjzquTj4I8rPzV1jkXeXXD9nPIT2busXQXEWeQNtNVUqmrnJWMaToz3EQ6k/77SN9FXE+5Fm+ifT+nfBKLVs1VHye/nfLdpAEpoK8kgbiNxTdaMeVSkuGl+lGPF0jHr1LAZCU0bJvjOFUZsq1ELEiA4ErrmAd59VZ2/CK+hTiP2EG0h87vA1DXAFLVZ6hp6c/EmaQL6Xex693EX+OTVset9K/Co4nTCBRAfV2P/THzt1gx+2+mQ1nhwoSCvMMqaAkrIbF9nvlUBfYetcKBhLQOp9/7+sSIvWcx/kG2/zDlLHowTKr6HpCqBqrPVJ+lHaQduAA/T7yS9FqWP4LdDk+H1+E4PJu4PzH0Cg4RlP3EbzP3Cqti6WYMRL4ykJAsn4nPrkLARSthM1sKTVRTboMYKEon9lhHnO9dW0jfhB+nfyxGFBh4omW41G7g84QwLKb6n/dTxBOZ/1PiDVY+a/w1i7dQXkicjy1EJYegfIzyRtJfs3yHVbG4l3mE4c3ttfjNCVZBS2MlNOxomB+uPEEoSAKhiH3WCed673l4GuPvxQnDZ6IEatJQZKtamRZw4CVlOdT4fMoL8D3EL+KjVkT7Zrov0T2O8hjiQspxpH3EV/BRvIM9l2LRqsn7h1ZEDz8P2rpKAXsrYYGtPaNAUSf+RZKEkIWEUIxYtA44zdvuw/yLiSdStgy/Sciokw1VRKsFrZ/7Sh3l6ux4oGgcW/Ew0h9R/pw7/gnLDs/luJodb2O8g36ebky5kxNuxz6Oc9f43BJ9ITKl2hNiYP/IeH4m2zLn2DoWIwghEDAZhYl4QhECSRxVAU/23/PEj9I8j+6kQz+k90iADlDLFnW0q8WqBE7V/TTV90iGSQ/Dg9j5ABb/DF9yeA6yfC2upUUL2OfusXSAdomyiVRHv4FIaPNM3gXPMUfJvZBMu19AL1Bk01OwJUeJk3xsK/13kX6H2AnUf4BQhkRAUlELWY3LgLihFnGYgHnS02jPIn4GtzgqfHSRh+8nNlWSGX43bG4mWXCxON9KuQGhTPUhZFAUoUGIEuKoCHgP795G87P0v0jsJAB1/m4Vz3x1qyVMA2MwICTDlAbfRtxG8zu4yhHnx3ou2Uscf4joNzSen8kzYKOMktQEQkgC5CkZCWXSB306CgJu8x9zLHwt/a9jO/3AEWSqWt40xbBYeXjZxWDtMCE5PAG1sN9Hl7jjN3CzI07spx8Qrr6H1QtYrISRMhfkiWAaTK6r/y0ClOVes98RJ/8Y49+nbAf6SQMoA283IEE9bRbSftxOvpP+StIdxD7yMrnFZspO0imkE0nbsRNzwyWbmgQOURbagh9nxyLxu7jeEWXXvrrkQgcDUs5IQEqbRGoUYCrpgDKRL5mMlMVWHHAEGXn3ReT/g7J9+Cd2qGqpyoZjiXQV5VLyJ3AJzRWcdDk6NW5pWLwnWy4gX0g8jHQf3B9bKMgwLKQ0VBpK+Bnsxm86opRu+NwYtXwo7YwEXG5JmQAUWSCEkGEiYRGwFEo5cvL99zmMns/4ZMrA0nGqzw6VTCzRf47mX0kfJ11G3Aws41oD9LiZ/Tfjv8nb2Xwy6VGUb8YT6LeTVjr9Vr2W8jTKu/BeR4wY061gCi6AaGeShNC15HyoZ6hUnbieBCwnpXdE+OI8fob+CRQUAHQoVXSpM9UMcID8+/SvYv+VPG0Z4a6xB3t4xZWc+F7KE/DTpItxuGRkoNRfthG/Oim5XOmI0HcUGBSvOnW1nUkSQpln3BAw8MK7TAlZlmh6M+e/R7TfTfMz9Fsoh4l41NMhcYD4N+LFuAxo8CfuPt2Y67+Cr+AvOen5xPeTziHl4cjHwL6Pp5Key95n4Q4zZ7w8sD1zoKRVmllNwQ0lkVBgOB0H/ZiDYeake1N+kNhen940vGgzoSDgKtp/Yv5Pcb2ZU36PuJz8y7iQaOsSDQWgvkY0eCJbH8kV70AxWwqljnrDPyCkGW1KGjeUVE+/hkschQgzp5s8X6kLowNLZ/O0iLfgl1l8G/Y7Itx+kP3/xoVfon8uvpEAVT+QFRc4k/gxzv4MrjNTLi8YXo5FNe5XGwG7VQgYiYCBkGw6AsXsBdw1R/l5+oYyvDFHqqMh3E7zq+x+PTpHlsIlH+fcp9OeiwtI9azCcFYMTyEeidcc6Qg4fNI+RJ5RErKcKYkY2nlVR6CgMzueknjRc2hOreUjBgrK0CHfSv+DvOs/0DlqvPtKfvTbGP0B/VORMTSj1AJsJ36bfW/FQTOjKwTDEa/+wUkzEnCpQaoLuZSBelBfEGbG755FfCNjFBiIFnVxOd1G/Cm3vIeHdI46n/4iD34p6QLSGQQMJFF1K/dm68PwHjMjKgHL4X5A0qySkEwkykAELNW9PujNjvSNjM+hh+FFAVQSegvNn3PPg9YNu9/H9j8g/QZlp2kUGK7DGf8wt70PxUzoAVBqCatmlknIUgJKbT76+g8HHZowEy7ZTHk45QTyQCG3ALIpxjQvoLvBuuL2JY77B7rH4RsBiBVUHOLBnHghPmsm3BlDq6AH9iWnGT8DFtONhA4JBWOAoJgN+x9CfhTy8JQbaNAjkArNCyhXWJd84WZOewZzT8BWyko3nd+Lpe9i9yUo1pjhVTAG6oBhRoXoA4mMfmhXPAJ9Jeda8+9znH0/ysmESRt4n9sBMspn8Vbrmmuu4Nx3EN+BoWhT/6VvpVzAju2405pzaxDqBkP3ZzUFO3QZpp/qTfXdjJ4Bd96T5YuJheHlVPXSqTQm/QP7v2Td0/8Z6bHEiYYjTl0YPoflc/Apa04fAMRK2sySkFS9dhvYoNyhwIyqA/M7WXooCeozuSohCxLSdbQfZmGfdU/+MuP3kL7zEAIOTXsnUE42E8LKBYQwqzIMukSYbnSgfg1GxGySkIMnEvcjIWD4iEyBHDSfYvFSxwQ7r+Pmd9B/AzYNr+yJ6Xunku7H1v/CkjUnqjZc9pphErI/kwY2KB9qDL0ZCHg67SYSDCyNzwBIeyZns+x2TPDfPff5Iul6nFdFuuEvmOZc9m1dewH7ICGqZrCf1btgBMpKzolDMRvKvRgPlJxyJWNG3IJPOaboryZfSTkPKCvIPMvkaBG3WXOGi8+kIzUFj4cPpdHX0/AMBezOJw1MtwW5zoj3E19yTLH3FrZeg57SAFG3eja6B2nBmhPD8lHdM8sIeBDQVxKODe8ZXbb2jE8CciVcroTMKChX849fdGyxyO9dTTpAbKMADEU/lJOIzdacWjrDEW+2Ai7XG1PqcsykQcywDthvJpChPnUAqnHcyvcWxxyxm1geWARQtQI7sXl2CYjDyzf7OqCq3jf49U3oka09461AGmj1ocH2OybpD5K64XfB6vEm4jgzo5buiEfA8QoOKIR+xlNwN0+CAfmqEwr1Y8ckpUMhBt4Fq68TJc8uATG8n/rITcGDGXA1Lkhmw7ibFpAGkAfOaGkbxyQl0+eBetxQRIwjF/nqa7POghcBECs4rgvC2tPtJ9VvO5CR62VYGC84JukXiDy8UUm9FnOZvN9MGH7mIw2M1/iIXvqBBah9/dM44yjY76egqZKNfkrABmFyfQ/enhCOKR60jTQi1G0gIdlN7JmtgBjeT400yym4q4QrlZhRj1GsOW23Vx8IZCKTAlCIBhAAp/KtJ+BmxxTlnqQFihV+M9LtdEuOCInhkx1mJeBiJVUtYy1dmY2Ao/GXzSNlSiIyMZWEJERBpmRKd4L2zgfgPx0rLF54AuVCYiKgAQGhB5SbWT5ozekHdhemgag3uwg4fCzD8DQ8AwG7L2shI5mIRkqUIAXREJPr5XI8zQXHlIDyKfQnDhR/h1ZHX2smZ/GU4chGJeZsyzCBOuoNL8tXMLbmbO6uJC1LaY6Ehkjkhr4QGcVESprmOBEXm9u0Bfutd256V+Ih96GcP7wxCaJuX2LuTmvO/kQc5uR/dzkitmQrowsi6BFqGetFqRo0ZhEBbyHdSDqTZBpNAgSBSEhZOFcsnonLrHuesYNyMf1WwIB0pvuD+Ap/st+a8/0D34liqI8ZZcHjoFTSqYvSpDE5MZKUkqw180s30rwP3y9lSiElIkiJUtCgEJM+8oM1HuaM0ZfQWc/c0N+b8h1IdfQzPCVfzdKX+KGwNqzyKyoS0qyTkPHA9FtIQS4o5J45jLokj609N96iPfHT5O+lyVKQEwUp0QalEBmBhrCFpW9xg3/H9dY1/ROJc4cTDyj1ZzfS3GomjBPJMLneCGYm3xPCUmBqCu6RyD1NT4vU0wajjjZIyZqz7+Qlxy9/Rso3iO40elKLnmiJQpPRolACmWieKo2/Fn9lvXLZA+5B9wtAgMMnIg7gM1y1y0w4KQ1Mt1WDPMskpA+KSSMVYNTT9pPIF5PrMcnsjgdM469o5i8jnSaj9GiJ+nSpTEHKsFnE09a1gOLHKaetUsBbKO/m9M5MWK7lg+Hvx5djRknIUlBC0wFtz6jQFEY9uaMtNGNSIfdJU5JZcMAV7tF/UEoPp91GQ5kjjYlR/SaEaIkg8gMVzzfuX4x91gufvzTxI99I/Bx9Ld/hZPwMt7/dzDgOUYtXSQcNEtLMBOylCKMeE/lGhXZMM6YJUtD05CAjzI7UvUPje6Vum2hpOmJERilEQUMKCkog0zQ/aS5/3scueRXCuuCHziY9i/5sYhWLAaC8ix1LZkdCteLc8HQsm42A+WAY9cwXck9TaCdRL8ekIaFFIwuzY59PON47iXsxJsboUWhaYo4oRJCD6NEiThbNr/tfD74CH3O0+eD9zyJ+lfhfh5evjopuorzKTGkzkAcEy9PRb4ZT8Gipt2kcmn6SaAQ5SMhTrTG5lnSSWRGW8UqNXwABY1KPEQXRokz6BkFEEum+YvwrlvMv4wpHl5+l/36MMCTc0PU/4RYzJdKhI15GnhZvxgJu39/LitZUpKt+AFokJJCMzJY7fM5J/lryYwAULKEnMjYREwlToSD6OdF+u1Fzb73v8P7Lv4ziiPINx7PwHMa/Mlx3g6KGQPo45S/NnNyQh954VBI2UGaTBc/ppSnhagnrSJglRTJrWn8peRzOAwUJOqDAGCNiRELKRFD6B8ijV3rivX5bGb8Pi2bNu+854qwziF+ifPfq1tIFIPaT/4buajNnLqOWDhmpatD0s6kDNopGqabaQ7eERntEBEw+qfEKyQuwAMIUy0SHnuiJQEtpaDIRj1Gav9DO/4kyfiV2myXbT/9O4+6nLHmEkuZXt5wpAN5LeS3pgJmTUi0goBYSzQyn4EYnC83AlNtM9RnJSJLNmjstOdWb9b4WT4BaQgplmdRROmKOPE80RMqaOEuJZ2rai/XxvJm8M/7cOSfSfr+2e7rkTFkyTiyvZiVxIF2DV/Lmmx0RvndUvemokpGmFrDMJgJmi0Z6DXIlW1MnRMgWJK0jwa0ut9MLzNumuJh61TqaIHpyj2WMKS0WJiK2p4j2u6TR10heL+JfLHZf4Oxd6KyWd787Of2RO21fuJel9I02lR9nfLJRok+M0SCjS/SIertpjTH5hXgDX+fIECPS0HTLtBCgHa9SwNaKWNBRTcGVfJWAc8iOFLu924leqvEPQguo65EUKMQyuSeCmEPQF3K/XTQ/rG+fYvPcx6Qb3qRvvqhbvMa5O2/A2BCv/ETyqEedYpxOcNGj7qNrL9b7OnNxgVIokMiJhAajxBiLiR59N7zOTnor7/hrR5TvGZEcfitsRoPoZrMpKes0QlMnHBwyOUkWJAuOJP/mVX7Ak/BjQh4+YQx6So+eWCbmaEaUEdHQ9KeK5puV0ddq+2u07TV27b9aP7pSTnt16aDIYyU1+rSgNNs86mHH099XTidr8rlSt02TspLoEwWRgJQm8iElErpgKdMHoea/6H+HxxVHlNSQTFE9c6kEaLqZRMCJgH2VaNQCkqYiYNjsSPJUxdjvWdAKP8Jhvv8lIfVTb046SiLK5F5DLnMin68058vRyQ6KtCw3HRFI5EZjTmdOlAUyqRAT8QIyGWlyDyJNP0MzTuTCGEuIBPBF2hey+9OOPJtMU0/Bcp2QjGdUiLYsK3XCUUsoIaExwiZHmn2+YovfAHynbIsY2F8NPXKgI3piTLSUeZNnQ7T0LaFV2m1kcksgZ5O9JzQNXSISgT6TEyUBMn2iR5PoJn2LLjEXLCVGGE3uHfTf+DW6j7DJkSe2oYo4qml30oyQlmazILWxLCkydSJCPR0jazDvaHCL693T8805iJ9B0iCGv4wIlKD06Mn9RMRJ/VBHNKRAJhUik1BaSiYK8kRApMl1n0goicgkpEwO+kyXaJAQiRbAZyx4Pj7iaLGYN5OQB9YApvovfnE2WXA7EXB6uq2lqxsLjha7XeUeftOcLfgezLGS3Y2AMomIZZItx4hoiYls0VAaSqb0yJOIlymJkkmJSKRJK4k86ROTMSmRUSbXPaT/Iv2+kfc4Wtx+1ibSdhIMFYCrZ8K8PKs64KKkG5Stvt+AOUeT3W53gt/U+KLsGcLxSv1dNkNf+ghB6smFGBMN/Yg8R8nkZhIh00S4TExE7Cdy9ZmUJtdpWk76oM8wERTyIt4jNb/qlP5SR5Pb2wUsEEgDG9PriDR30CpoV+xI2K2xrKmKz81gHRAWHG1udy1+2+k+KjxbeDzmFUAMtAYFEEEEpdCMKYvE3ETIhhhREhq6TGpIk3GbpoWkoCRSppnKjrtUhF2a/Dxf/NzfobjKUeZ+C2hJpptagukoqCzO5pT8ZI9kXEW6OvFQfb7VeuFG/+4UXxaeK3mi7EzB8D7vKQlLvfemYJFIpBHRURoiEy0pkZvJvYSJkGUiXMoIIgHZPpp369K/GvX/5KL7Wxd8cmkL80N7QAZqgXOLs4mA2V6NcZ35Dj8SgO3WEze50vF+zoKnCD8gfJ2wRUGqIl8ACsPfTBHkZcoypaEk8iQalnZyryHlqc8nEuZMZLJ36/MbpMVXO+uam6wnPnnxNkotHKA5ZMQhbptNIXqrg3qdNCBfQqbKkndYb9zpoLO8w6JLJG+U/YrGA8SAdAlNdQhXqc/hRN+TEP1Eskxu6FpSQz9PDpMISO96pXmNfv5PjZevwUG7Tre+KDum/2JRC3eotyE3zCYLXnankT1VtKt+EKraIPe3HtllGVfgCsd5gzmPl30bHoLzhG1CEuiRBs7krCNnTO3fz4XSkZcoLXm8JNxA8xmpfZPF/o24Td7LZuuU/hRaRCVa/TzYTo3jptlEwHe9bL9vfNZV1TvfYfkykrOsd/baj7c6xTv17oNvFx4iOUdxkuQkIUnIdeRDqqboyViPZK/karpb6D6jaz5g1L8D+8w7FrjvlFiH2QvSIHeUO2eThEDj2mqarWWsxTzZvHvgduud3Tpc6mU+7/l24ky9E4w8WHGG5FzFCXonY4dksyTphGJZuBO3GbtZcp3kK8a+LFwh3OgG19F3jinSvYk6+YCB/cB5F6ffsUoBz7Rikptq+WoB6xUxevfFBx0rPF3g9kmj8X47bNPZppg3sklnq2y70KBoHTC2W7Zo3kFL9tlvr/McRAH3dmzxvG88HtVDaRp46A9kpGu4oV+lgDdYMdlH6ihXPwNq6+K4x+GDjl0O2uMgbgZLaihoALAwaXscw8xfhFPISAPymRKgRXMZzCYJgd6VRjpZO7Ai5lDtYbZYwKINjiGai4idBAKQDvPdfPFZmE0SAm/4ozt9/y/eIDtjuPxSPx+6t0X3w6dscGzwe1+/ExeTjqsEA0BSRcclRl9avYBGVkX2CdkZlWhDWTDZ8bJHHksCbrD1NJxP5HqaIwHUUfFa4tbZRkDI3i77Jo2sGYx6JJNrJ8qegtfgZhusb5730BHjR9Hed7qmRD7MUvzyPtrrYTYrogFan5bdJDtl+L1wHR09WHL/Y0HADU45C1+H+eFDMVPdOvLHOXjn6gV00KrYZJex92t8Zx35BiNidqbk62Wfwm4brGPKwylPBNJKN8tfQ3wOS6sXcLXc5FYneLfsWzXaQ0XBQ2TGWfYdslfhYzZYx6SfIW8dPp63PhEVfIX5y6weLfNWxatfsexpP/1pXC67UFtJV19ntEjOxkslX42DNlhfPGs+85gfJx5Nj4wGgQDkQ61Nu4PmnSzdavVoWbJqGpcLl0kuQJKQVrBTrvEY2dfhtTZYZzzqYtqfhuHzanq09TfVX4P/Apj9FAwv/8PbPetpb9F6rMZJh5x6m4FpufG7sr14lw3WBz/9xPNIz6VcMPxVEACpkjN/gNs/dzcEvN1dInmb7CekWsDhpkFyjuTXzbkNn7DB0eVHnngy3S/QPJk8kPnWfQAKuj9noXMXySy4S+2lv3er7PclRR54H9xUPTRajccp/kj4GsFGO0rtFy48yejAHxDPIKbkA+gBkOpr5DfQf47eXW0tvbvMnLcrLpE9UKIWsX4WZPozj5S9VNiFSxxZNnjOheebm/t5Ed+lFPo8fCi6glLddz3jV7ibpPA8d4vnPe+7ZK/QOE5T1wLRHLZE8ynJy23yBuy1wWx5wUUjtx+8WJd/RTf3eEujHbqGgyO6FqNJm0Mz6UeYRzvpRz2jF9G+DLfC7JOQYd6t8Q+yXxwWbaAlZA/UeKGxBwkvwY02mA0vPjvZv+cnjfLPyc19pGh1iMQIfRCBqNaYRdV8gfKvPO+2NYiAa8Dvuw/+QOPJGo1m4OiQKjs+xPgmxcvxDsnVvsVuhA3uOg9Ic+6xcLKDm59kvPB9utGT9S3jecYtXctiO+lHLI3QYH6qn5uKjPNX0D4Db7YGpPAca8KLXvKtsj80cnq9YHWF2fH0GTSflbxR8kHh8/a7Bb0NVs4rHC8508HRRcrCN+vnHqOb22E8oowYz9G1jBu6EYtzLDfsn0eekm5uqrUYvRDPNcysC9EDHPBW222S/ZNUZ8ArOFMQMrI5ycWSB0luknzeTp+aLAO7zC0uq2XcAL8qe7CTLblIcn+Ni3XO1XT3Y3mzQGppglToe3LDKJGCvkdmuafLRKm+kLxD8zqal1lDUniGNeMV/3uzsb/S+J7B9YFtdZ0MrvqetJDtx63Yq3EZdglflFxv5EadfTbZZ9GiHQ643RI6a0UjORz7HI7hx/Ul7AcsT9qWSX8AT5C8yYJiXmezYrODtuM4vVONnas4z9g5xk5V3FNvm142Rsl0mxlvopunTKbcbp5uxHgSCccjDoxYHtGNMJqOfJ+geQbev8YC/tgah/6/Pl7xbK2f1th5yKRkZHJ9uL66hjS8OUvSC8uS/diL/RN5x4pO0gnLsl4RKCiSgkAIAQJQBIACQqkqFNBD9U8rU+OCTlIkk15IOo3epNfqjPSTVsxZtl1nm85WvTmdkQ5jdOgnrTC5T48OBcuIxHiefp7lzZSWfo7xHOMR/YguT8YtB0YszhMjjJZp3kf78/iCNaZl2Zry0z9wq7/+xz/Vu4fkB2WbpgXSACDVAtUSDok2eL+RbJJsEo6XAJBhYBxqSIhqL3Cu+vqfU6rPUr1/p+pLFfXrxLPUfxZT9+oEtT65ISOQEEHuJ30hCqmQe9pMZHKiKfQYoevpEpHfTXoBy18wA5rnuS/6tW1vvGCPb7r001rLssfK1eaple0nGfgqsvrXDoibhzbyV2OHuVb9Mw0cEqAaD/0AlcEvHq/GU00luWm5phoUpKHPE9FSEjEiT+RLiciYjFOmz6T0AX1+Fv3H6M2itSybCT/5Lbu84g1/YKvjZD8jaWVAMtys4p76eqoF6s+h/jxXf2n1rxtaDFzLkRGVeHVUSmiq6FpgIPJNmrb69dDXP5T1hrXqB7gUdKSgDXT0GUhIQQ6aQilhLv7DUnqhhfGnzZAUC19vprzorfNO8lTZL8keKlsYPl1/OIoMnRA7LOXgtDp8LwAO9y35A/cC9cFFZar11XWPbqovU/0YPZaZ3J+Mq8/HKFhGX///qnvjhrIwef5bYJKE6OfoJ4nHuPmCfuFvHPAK3GnGpDju8Y4If/nui7V+UfLtki1TEq5MwPoahjdqrZZhAROiaqpxLWUcRryYEqNDUcs4fD1GX40nvVJ93mM89Vk/STTKiH7LRL55xv9Pv2zcXGLc/J5rPvo69MyeFI4gr3NPje/S+DHZQySN5lDPcQNjh5u6hyQcmlprKukMSjcsYR0J+1UK2A3IOK7v121KuB4F40rAwPKIfoGyQDeiW6Af7TKe/1vj5m34kCNIivMf4ojyG59acLIHCN8t+wHZSZoBqepkhGEpwYCIUY9XEQUZFhAKYiXT8ICM40rIMeopNyZ9merHA5Gy/mcsI6Y/z5RN9JvoR2F54dW60d8po/e69NL9iCMroKPI22y3yc/qfbXs3rKTZK00FAWrxnCvygZV1xCwwnEMjAtU4qkiYKnFq6fdKmr1dUQbeCbsUI/rX9erx7fq5m5W5t9mPP+v+ISjSIqHH++o8uFbk/9yJp6o8RjJIzROk2yXhhOSgRpfLd4AqxDycBGxwGGm4BiKgJU0dTG5FqnDUvVrp5KPQXE7S4qr9a6w5D/wHjf7LJYdZVLc3/rheTY51X1wgeSrJs+JD5bskKRVZb9phVmwVdwrqBMTA5GvAOpMuKvGQ+L0hrPeOtKN1fKGzgG9qy15r3ApPmXRNbjWOiLFU60/fk2rsdOc4ySn4GxcqHFv2b1wFrbIsAIJoxJwSMSEAitIRADq+329kLiOgPUUXD+jUQs5uQ7Tny+bFrbTu87Y1RZ9QXKpzuUW3WLO9Tp3YNk6JMV3Ora4QPY9ttjteK1tGmfKTsAWybx+0mfzipF20tNKWiEjS7IyuSbJCAmUybhM3WO4LggqAXskoUcPQqATOhShCJ0i9DpFr1jS6U2asbFFnWWdJWOLegd1Dhq7TXGj3k16d9hlN3orZ0PADTbI/v/KBhsCbrDBhoAbbAi4wQYbAm6wIeAGG2wIuMGGgBtssCHgBhsCbrDB/wlKajuIhIz6AQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)![](data:image/png;base64,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)

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Volunteer

# Volunteer

  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

____ Menu

  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

At HealthServe, we value the contributions of volunteers and recognize the
gift of their time and expertise. Each volunteer plays an integral role in the
services that we provide to our beneficiaries and are critical to our
organization’s success. We take their individual experiences, attributes, and
competencies into account, and ensure that volunteers are recognized and
respected.

You will find the different volunteering opportunities listed here. Our
Volunteer Management team will get in touch with you once you have indicated
your interest to share about the work that we do and details of the role that
you are interested in.

We will guide, support and help you to contribute to the migrant community in
the best possible manner that suits your interest, strengths, and talents.
Training and the on-the-job guidance will be provided.

For volunteers who are interested to further their roles with us, we offer
opportunities for them to take on leadership roles in managing groups of like-
minded volunteers and to mentor our newer volunteers.

Please email our Volunteer Management team at [[email protected]](/cdn-
cgi/l/email-protection) if you would like to find out more about volunteering.
We welcome all individuals and corporate groups to have a chat with us.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/IMG_2493-1024x638.jpg)

## For it is in giving that we receive.

\- Saint Francis of Assisi

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/DSC5893-1024x683.jpg)

## Volunteer Opportunities

  * Medical & Dental Services
  * Mental Health & Counselling Services
  * Outreach & Engagement
  * Others

Run wholly by volunteers, HealthServe’s clinic offers subsidised health
services to migrant workers. These services include dental care, specialist
orthopaedic care, dermatology, rehabilitation consultations in occupational
therapy, physiotherapy, and chronic disease management.

* No medical background required

  *  **GP Doctor**
  *  **Doctor - Specialist** (Dermatology, Orthopaedic or Gastroenterology)
  *  **Doctor** \- Chronic Disease Management
  *  **Dentist**
  *  **Physiotherapist**
  *  **Phlebotomist**
  *  **Dispenser** (Nurse, Pharmacist or Pharmacy Technician)
  *  **Dental Assistant**
  *  **Physician Assistant**
  *  **Clinic Assistant** *
  *  **Researcher**
  *  **Occupational Therapist**

HealthServe provides a full range of mental health services from large group
psychoeducation workshops to individual counselling sessions with native-
speaking qualified counsellors, with the aim of addressing, strengthening and
empowering the mental wellbeing of migrant workers.

  *  **Crisis Helpline Volunteer**
  *  **Facilitator**
  *  **Facilitator - Support**

A sub-unit of HealthServe's Casework & Social Services (CWSS) department, the
O&E team organises regular community events and free health check-ups for our
migrant workers with the aim of better supporting their physical and mental
wellbeing.

  *  **Outreach Ambassador**

HealthServe is always on the lookout for like-minded individuals (bonus if you
can speak Bengali, Tamil, Hindi, Mandarin, Burmese, or Thai!) to assist us in
serving the needs of a diverse migrant community.

  *  **Interpreter** (oral only)
  *  **Translator** (text and/ or oral)
  *  **Health Educator**

[ Apply Now ](/volunteer-application/)

## General Requirements

  * At least 18 years and above (except for CHVs [23+]).
  * Must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (HealthServe follows MOH’s definition of full vaccination; Clinic volunteers have additional vaccination/immunity requirements).
  * Depending on the role and MOH guidelines, some volunteers should expect to undergo ART when volunteering in-person.
  * Regular volunteering roles require a minimum commitment of six months, once per month (except for Crisis Helpline Volunteers whose minimum commitment requirement is one year).
  * Must be able to attend the necessary training (applicable only to roles that require volunteers to be trained).
  * Most volunteering roles require volunteers to volunteer in-person (except for Crisis Helpline Volunteers, translators, and certain interpreter roles).

Got a query? Looking to volunteer as a corporation? Reach out to us at:

  * [ __ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#4f3920233a213b2a2a3d0f272a2e233b273c2a3d392a61203d28613c28)

## Hear From Our Community

When we decide to volunteer, we often think of ourselves as serving and
giving. In my journey, I realise that I have received more than I have given.
And amidst the challenges of 2020, I have learnt much from the migrant
brothers we serve and the volunteers alongside me. The migrant brothers have
shown resilience, faith and trust in our system and us.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Dr-
Suzie-2-1-300x264.jpeg)

Dr Suzie

Clinic Volunteer, Doctor

I like coming back to HealthServe because everyone is working towards the same
goals, be it in casework or the clinic.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Janyne-300x300.jpeg)

Janyne

Clinic Volunteer, Physician's Assistant

I feel that most patients are very appreciative. Once, on my way to
HealthServe at Geylang, I got lost, but a man recognised me and led me,
“Auntie, you want to go clinic is it?” They are very friendly and give thanks
from their heart. It’s very heartwarming that they remember and recognise me.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Jocelyn-183x300.jpeg)

Jocelyn

Clinic Volunteer, Nurse

Through this volunteering, I got to know more about their culture, debts
incurred from high recruitment fees, and I feel glad that I can play a part in
relieving part of their burden.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Adelene-
OT-1-300x258.jpeg)

Adelene

Volunteer Occupational Therapist

People in HealthServe do really care - they really pursue from start to finish
a brother’s case.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Pugal-talking-
to-a-mw-300x273.jpg)

Pugalenthi

Ground Engagements Volunteer

We see many cases of their mom/dad/family being severely ill or passing on,
and they can’t attend funerals, see the birth of a child. For them [migrant
workers] to say I’m going to survive another day is courageous.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/vivin01-300x300.jpg)

Vivien

Casework Volunteer

Volunteering gave me so much more purpose, drive and focus. It gave me more
awareness of diversity and of different people’s challenges

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/kilye-300x300.jpg)

Kylie

Volunteer Health Ambassador

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

## Facilitator - Support

### Location(s):

  * Various locations (i.e. dormitories)
  * Remote

### Day:

  * Ad hoc

### Time:

  * Ad hoc

### Requirements:

  * Able to commit for at least **six months**
  * Fluent and comfortable speaking in English and preferably in any of the following languages:
    * Bengali
    * Tamil
    * Burmese
    * Mandarin
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese

  * Comfortable interacting with medium or large groups (about 15 people or more)
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist our volunteer Facilitators to engage male migrant workers to run workshops related to stress management. 

  * Assist in duties such as taking registration, disseminating workshop materials and helping migrant brothers doing survey.

Note

Previous experience of participating programmes or engagements with migrant
workers are preferred but not required.  
Transportation pick up point at our Geylang HealthServe Office.

## Crisis Helpline Volunteer

### Location(s):

  * Remote

### Days:

  * Daily (Monday to Sunday, including PHs)

### Time:

  * 10:00AM – 2:00PM
  * 2.00PM – 6:00PM
  * 6:00PM – 10:00PM
  * 10:00PM – 02:00AM (next day)
  * 02:00AM – 06:00AM
  * 06:00AM – 10:00AM

### Requirements:

  * Able to dedicate four hours per month or more, for **at least one year**
  * Minimum age of 23 years old
  * Willing to abide by a strict anonymity and confidentiality policy
  * Attend the required in-house training sessions (16 hours of training in total) prior to deployment (subject to assessment; includes booster session) Please note that completion of training may not necessarily result in the deployment of the volunteer. 
  * Ability to speak Tamil and/or Bengali would be preferred but not necessary

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Answer the crisis support line in a compassionate and professional manner, in English or in the language used by the callers
  * Project a non-judgmental attitude towards those requiring assistance
  * Provide emotional support, and engage in active listening
  * Answer and provide appropriate assistance or intervention for crisis calls, following policies and procedures
  * Reliably adhere to assigned schedules with punctuality (volunteers should be ready for their crisis support line shift approximately five minutes in advance)
  * To notify programme staff at least one working week prior, if you are unable to make it to your scheduled shift
  * Document calls correctly into the online tracking system, following procedures
  * Contact on-call staff as necessary
  * Attend mandatory upskilling workshop(s), if deemed suitable

Note

  * Volunteers who miss any of the skills training sessions are required to attend the entire training run
  * Do note that due to the remote nature of this volunteering role, HealthServe does not require CHVs to be fully vaccinated. Should CHVs decide to take on other volunteering roles within HealthServe that require an on-site presence, full vaccination will be mandatory
  * On-site volunteering roles will also require volunteers to undergo Antigen Rapid Test(s)

## Clinic Assistant (CA)

### Location(s):

  * Geylang

### Day(s):

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday

### Time:

  * 6.15pm – 10.30pm

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results.
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required.
  * No medical background required.
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin.

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

CAs will be assigned to one or more of the following:

  1. Packing medications
    * Pack medications and ensure that types and quantities of medications are correct.
    * Ensure that all packed medications are not expired.
    * Paste patient labels on packed medications.
    * Print case note for lab / X-Ray requests.
    * Disinfect and tidy up the Pharmacy Area after every clinic session.
  2. Registration
    * Register patients in GHB (correctly enter details including name, FIN, birthdate, nationality, gender, company name, address, contact number)
    * Ensure that existing patients’ records are updated.
    * Distribute queue numbers.
    * Update patient appointment management system.
    * Fill in MOH Declaration Form for each patient.
    * Complete MW Health App for each patient.
  3. Vital Signs Station
    * Take patients’ vital signs (blood pressure, temperature, SPO2, BMI for chronic disease patients).
    * Record patients’ complaints / symptoms.
  4. Dental Admin
    * Register dental patients in GHB (correctly enter details including name, FIN, birthdate, nationality, gender, company name, address, contact number)
    * Ensure that existing patients’ records are updated.
    * Update patient appointment management system.
    * Fill in MOH Declaration Form for each patient.
    * Complete MW Health App for each patient.
  5. Befriending / Crowd Control
    * Ensure that patients are practicing safe distancing.
    * Engage patients in meaningful conversations.
    * Educate patients on resources available (distribute brochures for chronic disease, exercises, HealthServe programs, etc).

CAs may be deployed to assist in external outreach events (subject to
volunteer’s availability)

  * Do point-of-care testing

Note

Medical students in their first or second year of study are encouraged to
apply.

## Doctor – GP

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Day(s):

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for doctors with full registration
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Singapore Medical Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Provide general medical consultation and treatments in a primary care clinic setting
  * Scope of care includes both acute and chronic medical conditions typical of a GP clinic
  * Provide preliminary assessment and referral to specialist & tertiary services were indicated

Note

On-site preferred.

## Doctor - Specialist

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Day(s):

  * (G) 1st and 3rd Tuesday-Dermatology
  * (G) 2nd and 4th Tuesday-Orthopedic
  * (G) 2nd and 4th Thursday-Gastroenterology

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for doctors with full registration
  * Specialist doctors able to support our sub-speciality clinic sessions in Dermatology, Orthopaedic Surgery and Gastroenterology, Neurology, Complex Chronic Disease, ENT and Eye
  * Able to commit six months or more and at at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles and Diphtheria immunity required please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good to have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil and/orMandarin

### License / Full registration

Full registered with the Singapore Medical Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Provide specialist outpatient clinic consultation and treatment in the respective sub-speciality fields.

Note

On-site preferred

## Doctor - Chronic Disease Management

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * 1st and 3rd Wednesday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for doctors with full registration
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least one per month
  * Newcomers are required to volunteer as GP doctors for at least two sessions first in order to build familiarity with our patients’ profiles, after which they may help anchor complex CDM clinic sessions
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Singapore Medical Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Provide consultation and treatment for patients with chronic medical conditions
  * Scope of patients includes individuals with multiple concurrent chronic medical conditions, suboptimal control despite management by our GP volunteers, and insulin dependent diabetes requiring titration of management

Note

On-site preferred.

## Dentist

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for dentists with full registration
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Singapore Dental Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Provide dental consultation and treatment in a primary care setting, including dental fillings, (non-surgical) extractions, and dental hygiene.

## Physiotherapist

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Wednesday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm

### Requirements:

  * Only for physiotherapists with full registration

  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Measles and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Allied Health Professions Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Provide consultation and treatment for musculoskeletal related conditions in a primary care setting.

## Phlebotomist

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Every Thursday

### Time:

  * 3.00pm – 4.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Due to the nature of the role, we encourage only the following individuals to apply:
    * Fully registered Nurses
    * Certified Phlebotomists
    * Doctors (i.e. MOs, or HOs)
    * Those who have completed a phlebotomy course (those with prior working experience are preferred)
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

## Dispenser - Nurse

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 7pm – 10pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for nurses with full registration
  * Able to commit six months or more and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles and Diphtheria immunity required-please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Singapore Nursing Board

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Dispense medications and ensure that types, quantities and dosages of medications are correct
  * Ensure that all dispensed medications are not expired
  * Administer injections, if required
  * Dress wounds, if required
  * Collect payment from patients

## Dispenser - Pharmacist

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 7pm – 10pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for pharmacists with full registration
  * Able to commit six months or more and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles and Diphtheria immunity required-please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Singapore Pharmacy Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Dispense medications and ensure that types, quantities and dosages of medications are correct
  * Ensure that all dispensed medications are not expired
  * Collect payment from patients

## Dispenser - Pharmacy Technician

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 7pm – 10pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Only for individuals who are PSS-certified Pharmacy Technicians or who have a Diploma in Pharmaceutical Science
  * Able to commit six months or more and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles and Diphtheria immunity required-please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Dispense medications and ensure that types, quantities and dosages of medications are correct
  * Ensure that all dispensed medications are not expired
  * Collect payment from patients

## Dental Assistant (DA)

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.00pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Due to the nature of the DA role, we encourage only the following individuals to apply to volunteer:
    * Those with prior experience working as a Dental Assistant at other dental clinics; or
    * Students who are in their second year of study or beyond (Dentistry only)
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist the Dentist in dental procedures including fillings, extractions, and dental hygiene procedures
  * Assist with general sanitation and preparation of treatment area during clinic session between patients
  * Assist with clearing of dental instruments after the dental session

## Physician Assistant (PA)

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.00pm – 9.30pm (G)

### Requirements:

  * Due to the nature of the PA role, we encourage only the following individuals to apply to volunteer:
    *  **Students** who are in their third year of study **(medicine only)** or beyond, and who have clinical experience; or
    *  **Doctors** who have yet to receive full registration status with the Singapore Medical Council
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Good-to-have if proficient in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required –please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

* _Local doctors with conditional registration will still need to indicate their medical registration number on the volunteer application form_

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist the doctor during consultation (inclusive of examining the patient, if required)
  * Do point-of-care testing, if required
  * Fill up lab / X-ray requests / outside prescription, if required
  * Print memo / MC and obtain signature from an onsite doctor on behalf of telehealth doctor
  * Disinfect and tidy up Consultation Area after every clinic session

Note

Foreign doctors based in Singapore, or local doctors with conditional
registration, are encouraged to apply

## Facilitator

### Location(s):

  * Various locations (i.e. dormitories)
  * Remote

### Day:

  * Ad hoc

### Time:

  * Ad hoc

### Requirements:

  * Able to commit for at least **six months**
  * Fluent and comfortable speaking in any of the following languages:
    * Bengali
    * Tamil
    * Burmese
    * Mandarin
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese

  * Comfortable speaking to medium or large groups (about 15 people or more) in the native language
  * For the Introduction to Psychological First Aid workshop, the volunteer must have a Psychological First Aid certificate and have attended the Occupational First Aid Instructor Course (Train-The-Trainer) by Red Cross
  * Attend a mandatory training session before deployment
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Conduct workshops in the native language according to training materials curated by HealthServe

  * Attend a mandatory bi-annual upskilling workshop

Note

Previous experience with mental health initiatives/programmes or previous
engagements with migrant workers are preferred but not required.

## Occupational Therapist

Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)

### Days:

  * Wednesday (G)

### Time:

  * 6.30pm – 9.30pm

### Requirements:

  * Only for Occupational Therapists with full registration

  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Measles and Diphtheria immunity required – please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * Good-to-have a proficiency in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin

### License / Full registration

Fully registered with the Allied Health Professions Council

### Role & responsibilities:

  *   * Partnering injured migrant workers on their rehabilitation journey
  * Providing slow stream physical rehabilitation though individual therapy or small group therapy
  * Health education of their medical condition, deconditioning with prolong rest, body mechanics for lifting, footwear, pain management through pharmacological and non-pharmacological means
  * Encouraging them to resume some form of normalcy by participating in purposeful activities and community reintegration
  * Empowering them with tools to self-manage through home exercise programmes, hot water bottle for pain management, chair for sitting
  * Collaborating with HealthServe’s case workers for managing potential adjustment issues, providing additional psychosocial support & financial assistance

## Outreach Ambassador

### Location(s):  

  * Purpose-built dormitories
  * Spaces owned/rented by migrant workers’ employers
  * Recreation centres assigned to dormitories
  * HealthServe premises
  * Any location where HealthServe conducts outreach and engagement activities

### Days:

  * Weekends or Weekdays

### Time:

  * 5-hour block on Weekends  
(Typically on Saturdays but occasionally may fall on Sundays or Public
Holidays)

  * Afternoon – Evening  

### Requirements:

  * Age 18 and above 
  * Available on Saturdays (5-hour block, typically afternoon- to-evening, subject to changes; some events may occur evening-to-night)
  * Volunteers may be required to attend pre-event publicity on weekday nights (e.g. 6.00 PM – 8.00 PM)
  * Volunteer are required to attend an online volunteer briefing session prior to event
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Able to speak any of the following languages: (optional)
    * Tamil 
    * Bengali 
    * Hindi 
    * Thai 
    * Burmese 
    * Malay 
    * Mandarin

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

**1\. At Health Screening Events**

  * Ushers 
    * Greet, show hospitality and provide direction to participants
    * Assist with queue management and crowd control
    * Facilitate and/or gather responses at activity booths
  * Registration 
    * Assist participants in filling their registration details in the given brochure
  * Height, Weight and BMI Measurement 
    * Measure height, weight and BMI of each participant
  * Blood Pressure Taking 
    * Take and record blood pressure of each participant
  * Referral 
    * Use referral protocol provided by HealthServe to explain recommendations for health improvement to at-risk individuals, i.e. provide suggestions for lifestyle and self- care habits, check beneficiaries’ understanding of health risk indicators
    * Register migrant workers for follow-up appointments (if any)
  * Education 
    * By using materials provided by HealthServe, provide individualised health-related guidance and suggestions on lifestyle and self-care habits and health risks depending on the health risk levels of migrant workers
  * Goodie Bag Distribution 
    * Distribute marketing collaterals, fruits and beverages, information materials, etc.

  * Engagement Activities 
    * Man booths where fun activities are conducted to engage workers; no specialised knowledge is required to run these activities

  2. **At Outreach Events**

  * Provide assistance with pre-event publicity at dormitories (i.e. reaching out to migrant workers to register for outreach event, poster-placing) (either weekday or weekend nights – 6.00 PM to 8.00 PM)
  * Share HealthServe’s contact details and operating hours and distribute marketing collaterals
  * Encourage participants to subscribe to HealthServe’s social media channels on their mobile devices
  * Assist participants in saving HealthServe’s contact information on their mobile devices

  * Provide assistance with pre-event publicity at dormitories (i.e. reaching out to migrant workers to register for outreach event, poster-placing) (either weekday or weekend nights – 6.00 PM to 8.00 PM)
  * Share HealthServe’s contact details and operating hours and distribute marketing collaterals
  * Encourage participants to subscribe to HealthServe’s social media channels on their mobile devices
  * Assist participants in saving HealthServe’s contact information on their mobile devices

Note(s)

  * An online/onsite training will be provided for each volunteer role
  * Volunteer will be given an informational pack after attending the volunteer briefing session
  * Volunteer are to sign an indemnity form acknowledging that third party organisers may take photographs or videos of them while they are volunteering
  * A WhatsApp chat group will be created for event communication and will be deleted when it is no longer required by HealthServe
  * HealthServe will provide transport to and from the nearest train station on the day of the event
  * Volunteer will assist with the setup and packing, before and after activity/event
  * Alert staff if participants have queries or require clarification on matters outside your purview

## Health Ambassador

### Location(s):

  * Purpose-built dormitories
  * Spaces owned/rented by migrant workers’ employers
  * Recreation centres assigned to dormitories
  * HealthServe premises
  * Any location where HealthServe conducts outreach and engagement activities

### Days:

  * Weekends

### Time:

  * 5-hour block   
Afternoon – Evening  
(Subject to Changes)

### Requirements:

  * Age 18 and above 
  * Available on Saturdays (5-hour block, typically afternoon- to-evening, subject to changes; some events may occur evening-to-night)
  * Volunteers may be required to attend pre-event publicity on weekday nights (e.g. 6.00 PM – 8.00 PM)
  * Volunteer are required to attend an online volunteer briefing session prior to event
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Able to speak any of the following languages: (optional)
    * Tamil 
    * Bengali 
    * Hindi 
    * Thai 
    * Burmese 
    * Malay 
    * Mandarin

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Ushers
    * Greet, show hospitality and provide direction to participants
    * Assist with queue management and crowd control
    * Facilitate and/or gather responses at activity booths
  * Registration
    * Assist participants in filling their registration details in the given brochure
  * Height, Weight and BMI Measurement 
    * Measure height, weight and BMI of each participant
  * Blood Pressure Taking
    * Take and record blood pressure of each participant
  * Referral
    * Use referral protocol provided by HealthServe to explain recommendations for health improvement to at-risk individuals, i.e. provide suggestions for lifestyle and self- care habits, check beneficiaries’ understanding of health risk indicators
    * Register migrant workers for follow-up appointments (if any)
  * Education
    * By using materials provided by HealthServe, provide individualised health-related guidance and suggestions on lifestyle and self-care habits and health risks depending on the health risk levels of migrant workers
  * Goodie Bag Distribution
    * Distribute marketing collaterals, fruits and beverages, information materials, etc.

Note(s)

  * An online/onsite training will be provided for each volunteer role
  * Volunteer will be given an informational pack after attending the volunteer briefing session
  * Volunteer are to sign an indemnity form acknowledging that third party organisers may take photographs or videos of them while they are volunteering
  * A WhatsApp chat group will be created for event communication and will be deleted when it is no longer required by HealthServe
  * HealthServe will provide transport to and from the nearest train station on the day of the event
  * Volunteer will assist with the setup and packing, before and after activity/event
  * Alert staff if participants have queries or require clarification on matters outside your purview

## Health Ambassador (Community Health Advocate)

### Location(s):

  * Purpose-built dormitories
  * Recreation centres assigned to dormitories
  * HealthServe premises
  * Any location where HealthServe conducts outreach and engagement activities

### Days:

  * Saturday

### Time:

  * 5-hour block
  * Afternoon – Evening

### Requirements:

  * Age 18 and above
  * Available on Saturdays (5-hour block, typically afternoon- to-evening, subject to changes; some events may occur evening-to-night)
    * Volunteers may be called upon for pre-event publicity on a weekday night (e.g. 6.00 PM – 8.00 PM)
  * Attend a 20-minute online training before the start of the first event
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

  * 

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * By using materials provided by HealthServe, provide individualised health-related guidance and suggestions on lifestyle and self-care habits and health risks depending on the health risk levels of migrant workers. 
  * Assist with queue management and crowd control
  * Administer blood glucose test (pin-prick)
  * Assist with event setup
  * Distribute marketing collaterals
  * Register migrant workers for follow up appointments, if any

Note

  * There will also be on-the-job training
  * All volunteers will be given an informational pack
  * Volunteers are to sign an indemnity form acknowledging that third party organisers may take photographs or videos of them while they are volunteering. 
  * A WhatsApp chat group will be created for event communication and will be deleted when it is no longer required by HealthServe
  * HealthServe will provide transport to and from the nearest train station on the day of the event

## Health Ambassador (Health Influencer and Activator)

### Location(s):

  * Purpose-built dormitories
  * Recreation centres assigned to dormitories
  * HealthServe premises
  * Any location where HealthServe conducts outreach and engagement activities

### Days:

  * Saturday

### Time:

  * 5-hour block
  * Afternoon – Evening

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month

### Requirements:

  * Age 18 and above
  * Able to speak any of the following languages:
    * Tamil
    * Bengali
    * Hindi
    * Thai
    * Burmese
    * Malay
    * Mandarin
  * Available on Saturdays (5-hour block, typically afternoon-to-evening, subject to changes; some events may occur evening-to-night)
    * Volunteers may be called upon for pre-event publicity on a weekday night (e.g. 6.00 PM – 8.00 PM)
  * Attend additional on-site training at HealthServe’s Casework office from 2.00 PM – 6.00 PM on a weekday and a 20-minute online training before the start of their first session
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist with queue management and crowd control
  * Share HealthServe’s contact details and operating hours
  * Use referral protocol provided by HealthServe to explain recommendations for health improvement to at-risk individuals, i.e. provide suggestions for lifestyle and self- care habits, check beneficiaries’ understanding of health risk indicators
  * Register migrant workers for follow up appointments, if any
  * Assist with event setup
  * Distribute marketing collaterals

Note

  * All volunteers will be given an informational pack
  * Volunteers are to sign an indemnity form acknowledging that third party organisers may take photographs or videos of them while they are volunteering. 
  * A WhatsApp chat group will be created for event communication and will be deleted when it is no longer required by HealthServe
  * HealthServe will provide transport to and from the nearest train station on the day of the event

## Interpreter

### Location(s):

  * Geylang
  * Various locations (i.e. dormitories)
  * Remote

### Days:

  * Adhoc

### Time:

  * Adhoc

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Fluent and comfortable interpreting any of the following languages:
    * Bengali
    * Tamil
    * Hindi
    * Mandarin
    * Burmese
    * Thai
  * Attend mandatory training/briefing session(s) before being deployed, if required
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test for on-site engagements, if required
  * Prior experience interpreting will be a bonus

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist departments by providing accurate on-site / remote oral translation from English to the respective native language(s) and/or vice versa
  * Other interpretation duties as requested by the assigned department(s)

Note

  * Volunteer Interpreters will be deployed to departments needing interpretation assistance, and the provision of assistance is project-based
  * Volunteer Interpreters may be deployed to more than one department concurrently

## Translator

### Location(s):

  * Remote

### Day:

  * Ad hoc

### Time:

  * Ad hoc

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Fluent and comfortable translating in any of the following languages:
    * Bengali
    * Tamil
    * Hindi
    * Mandarin
    * Burmese
    * Thai
  * Strong writing skills
  * Excellent proofreading skills with ability to identify grammar, spelling, and punctuation errors
  * Keen eye for detail, meticulous, and resourceful
  * Ability to meet deadlines
  * Prior experience translating will be a bonus

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist departments by translating materials from English to the respective native language(s), and/or vice-versa
  * Complete translation assignments within stipulated deadlines
  * Ensure translated content conveys original meaning
  * Proofread translated texts for grammar, spelling, and punctuation accuracy
  * Ensure quality and consistency of all translations
  * Other translation duties as requested by the assigned department(s)

Note

  * Volunteer Translators will be deployed to departments needing translation assistance, and the provision of assistance is project-based
  * Volunteer Translators may be deployed to more than one department concurrently
  * Do note that due to the remote nature of this volunteering role, HealthServe does not require Volunteer Translators to be fully vaccinated. Should Volunteer Translators decide to take on other volunteering roles within HealthServe that require an on- site presence, full vaccination will be mandatory
  * On-site volunteering roles will also require volunteers to undergo Antigen Rapid Test(s)

## Research Volunteer

### Location(s):

  * Geylang (G)/ Recreation Centre (RC)

### Day(s):

  * Refer to Requirements

### Time:

  * Refer to Requirements

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Able to attend all training sessions conducted by HealthServe’s Research Team
    * Duration of training sessions will vary depending on the project undertaken (typically 1 – 3 hours in total)
  * Able to commit for duration of research project (typically 3 to 6 months)
    * On-premise sessions at HealthServe Community Clinic (G)
      * 4pm-6pm and 7pm-9pm
      * every Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
    * Off-site sessions at Recreation Centres (RC) and other community outreach locations
      * 2-hour sessions usually in the afternoon to evening
      * Saturday and/or Sundays (fortnightly)
    * Minimum commitment of two shifts a month
  * Fluent and comfortable speaking and translating in workers’ native languages e.g. Bengali, Tamil
  * Advantageous to have prior experience in conducting qualitative interviews
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Identify eligible migrant workers and conduct interviews/surveys in their native languages e.g. Bengali, Tamil
  * Translate and document findings from interviews or interview audio recordings into a pre-specified data collection form
  * Ensure translated content conveys original meaning, and is accurate

Note

Medical students in their first or second year of study are encouraged to
apply.

## New Volunteer Role

### Location(s):

  * Geylang
  * Various locations (i.e. dormitories)
  * Remote

### Days:

  * Adhoc

### Time:

  * Adhoc

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Fluent and comfortable interpreting any of the following languages:
    * Bengali
    * Tamil
    * Hindi
    * Mandarin
    * Burmese
    * Thai
  * Attend mandatory training/briefing session(s) before being deployed, if required
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test for on-site engagements, if required
  * Prior experience interpreting will be a bonus

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Assist departments by providing accurate on-site / remote oral translation from English to the respective native language(s) and/or vice versa
  * Other interpretation duties as requested by the assigned department(s)

Note

  * Volunteer Interpreters will be deployed to departments needing interpretation assistance, and the provision of assistance is project-based
  * Volunteer Interpreters may be deployed to more than one department concurrently

## Health Educator

### Location(s):

  * Geylang
  * Various locations (i.e. recreation centres)

### Days:

  * Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursdays (G)
  * Ad hoc (Various locations)Ad hoc (Various locations)Afternoon –Evening (5–hour block, typically afternoon–to–evening, subject to changes; on weekends(Various locations)A

### Time:

  * 6.15pm –9.30pm (G)
  * Afternoon –Evening (5-hour block, typically afternoon-to-evening, subject to changes; on weekends)

### Requirements:

  * 18 years old and above
  * Able to commit six months or more, and at least once per month
  * Good-to-have if proficient in Bengali, Hindi, Tamil, and/or Mandarin
  * Hepatitis B, Measles, and Diphtheria immunity required –please submit proof of vaccination or recent serology results(G only)
  * Fully vaccinated against COVID-19
  * Undergo an Antigen Rapid Test upon reaching the venue, if required
  * No medical background required

### License / Full registration

N/A

### Role & responsibilities:

  * Approach or be assigned to migrant brothers to share on topics such as healthy eating, basic chronic disease management.
  * Encourage migrant brothers to lead a healthy lifestyle.
  * Tablet and resource for sharing will be provided.
  * Training will be provided prior to engagement.

Note

  * Must be comfortable and willing to engage migrant brothers.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

We use cookies to run the website and carry out statistical analysis to offer
you the best possible user experience. By clicking on “Accept”, you consent to
our use of cookies.Accept

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#7f161119103f171a1e130b170c1a0d091a51100d18510c18)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube

Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App



Skip to content feed

[ **TikTok**](/)

Upload ](/upload)

Log in __

  * [For You](/en)

  * [Following](/following)

  * [Explore](/explore)

  * [LIVE](/live)

Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments.

Log in

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

![eh-background](https://sf16-website-
login.neutral.ttwstatic.com/obj/tiktok_web_login_static/tiktok/webapp/main/webapp-
desktop/045b2fc7c278b9a30dd0.png)

#### Create effects

](https://effecthouse.tiktok.com/download?utm_campaign=ttweb_entrance_v2&utm_source=tiktok_webapp_main)

[About](https://www.tiktok.com/about?lang=en)[Newsroom](https://newsroom.tiktok.com/)[Contact](https://www.tiktok.com/about/contact?lang=en)[Careers](https://careers.tiktok.com)

[TikTok for
Good](https://www.tiktok.com/forgood)[Advertise](https://www.tiktok.com/business/?attr_medium=tt_official_site_guidance&attr_source=tt_official_site&refer=tiktok_web)[Developers](https://developers.tiktok.com/?refer=tiktok_web)[Transparency](https://www.tiktok.com/transparency)[TikTok
Rewards](https://www.tiktok.com/tiktok-rewards/en)[TikTok
Embeds](https://www.tiktok.com/embed)

[Help](https://support.tiktok.com/en)[Safety](https://www.tiktok.com/safety?lang=en)[Terms](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/terms-
of-service?lang=en)[Privacy](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-
row?lang=en)[Creator Portal](https://www.tiktok.com/creators/creator-
portal/en-us/)[Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-
guidelines?lang=en)

See more

© 2023 TikTok

![](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/aweme/100x100/tiktok-
obj/1665308739117057.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=iLL6jQwwWbnDStcH1bIqRPpgUI4%3D)

# healthserve

## HealthServe

Follow

###

 **118**Following

 **2223** Followers

 **20.2K**Likes

## Serving the migrant worker community in Singapore since 2006 🇸🇬

[help.healthserve.org.sg](https://www.tiktok.com/link/v2?aid=1988&lang=en&scene=bio_url&target=help.healthserve.org.sg)

Videos

Favorites

Liked

![“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/3b77965b10264cba843103a7d98045e2_1697052694~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oQlAUAmUYCDEsAfRJBgIP7BAAJE3gZNAxfzzhI.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ZN1CEJdce54sp4IwJ%2BkiT2v%2FVvc%3D)
**820**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝  
  
To remind our migrant brothers of their universal human right, we got together
with close to 50 of our Peer Support Leaders (PSLs) last Sunday to commemorate
World Mental Health Day!  
  
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽  
  
We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends stepping forward as volunteers,
empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰!  
  
#migrantworkers #community #HealthServe #WorldMentalHealthDay2023
#WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #resilience](
"“Mental health is a universal human right.” 🤝 To remind our migrant brothers
of their universal human right, we got together with close to 50 of our Peer
Support Leaders \(PSLs\) last Sunday to commemorate World Mental Health Day!
Through engaging and thought-provoking activities planned by our mental health
team, our PSLs expanded their understanding about resilience and useful stress
management techniques 💪🏽 We are deeply moved to see our migrant friends
stepping forward as volunteers, empowering their fellow brothers. Watch on for
a glimpse of our joyous day 🥰! #migrantworkers #community #HealthServe
#WorldMentalHealthDay2023 #WorldMentalHealthDay #mentalhealthawareness
#mentalhealth #resilience")

[!["What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"
During each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our
migrant friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since
they left their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's
session held at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6675aa43acbf4775a12b8c229e75aea1_1696322732~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ww6ht%2FMY4Gi4AlNR95WGFJmSMOk%3D)
**837**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?"  
  
During each Peer Support Leader (PSL) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes.  
  
Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held at Cochrane
RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟  
  
#HealthServe #CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers](
""What's the happiest experience you've had after coming to Singapore?" During
each Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training program, we invite our migrant
friends to share their most cherished experiences in Singapore since they left
their homes. Here are some heartfelt responses from last month's session held
at Cochrane RC. Watch on for a glimpse into our #MigrantVoices. 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #MigrantVoices #healthcare #migrantworkers")

[![HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉 Join us as we pose 17
questions to our team - and reveal their first impressions of HealthServe,
favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the future 😌 Here's to 17 years of
collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the countless more ahead 🙌
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/7c0e3d882efe47a0952b932fc70b8eda_1696002763~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/o0SR5lAAbACsAAnlEUwtKcQg9eRovFfALUDIBc.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=37%2B5jOXjZNAdZb%2FY9%2FrzUpBziug%3D)
**855**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉  
  
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌  
  
Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers, and to the
countless more ahead 🙌]( "HealthServe celebrates our sweet 17th last week! 🎉
Join us as we pose 17 questions to our team - and reveal their first
impressions of HealthServe, favourite spots for lunch, and hopes for the
future 😌 Here's to 17 years of collective impact with our migrant brothers,
and to the countless more ahead 🙌")

[![How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our
crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she
navigated the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline  created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/ogQLgIBHR2nAA4nlm8QBbSPTgYcEUDHgURvfBe~tplv-
dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oElAAXx7QAvECCGEItAF1BAfARedsUbpjg0nbD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Z56%2Fl5jZTrOxwc4Jki0gt8DTtAQ%3D)
**864**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ How can we support someone affected by suicide?  
  
Hear from Pramela, our crisis helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult
call and how she navigated the situation.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
Training will be provided.  
  
 **#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline) ](
"How can we support someone affected by suicide? Hear from Pramela, our crisis
helpline specialist, as she recounts a difficult call and how she navigated
the situation.  You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer Training will be provided. #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention #crisishelpline ")

[!["Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/oEiprTeMloB86XIABi8DgAnuEAARfu6gQpbXQF~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/oskAeEAAbAE6YZAVAnjKfzE2UDDoeIAizKAIgW.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=Ww1qWnpW1nkDLg2mDdDLBaEpWuw%3D)**914**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Life is too hard. I should just die."  
  
Imagine receiving a similar cryptic message from an acquaintance. What would
you do?  
  
Watch on to hear what May, team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline
service, has to share about a particularly memorable call, and how her team
was able to journey with the migrant brother in distress.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention) [**#Crisishelpline **](/tag/crisishelpline)](
""Life is too hard. I should just die." Imagine receiving a similar cryptic
message from an acquaintance. What would you do? Watch on to hear what May,
team lead of HealthServe’s 24/7 crisis helpline service, has to share about a
particularly memorable call, and how her team was able to journey with the
migrant brother in distress. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention #Crisishelpline")

[![#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers to HealthServe’s crisis
helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained crisis helpline
specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves to provide a
safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide Prevention Day,
we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her the most. You
can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer
#WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community #Mentalhealth #HealthServe
#Suicideprevention created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ow59GT4f9f3HRPzXGAQAkK22eLGAb5IPGeQFOP~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-i-0068/ogffzNAJIhxoI5PvKAJAfEg9EVjTAAM8DDJAjd.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=4UrRAVb7sO9dq2%2FQuBgkcTkpMl4%3D)**1579**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[[ **#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that the number of migrant callers to
HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022?  
  
Manned by trained crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-
clock service serves to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress.  
  
This World Suicide Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one
call that affected her the most.  
  
You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽: https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer  
  
[**#WorldSuicidePreventionDay **](/tag/worldsuicidepreventionday)
[**#Community **](/tag/community) [**#Mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Suicideprevention
**](/tag/suicideprevention)]( "#DidYouKnow that the number of migrant callers
to HealthServe’s crisis helpline doubled to 4,000 in 2022? Manned by trained
crisis helpline specialists and volunteers, the round-the-clock service serves
to provide a safe space for migrant workers in distress. This World Suicide
Prevention Day, we asked our counsellor Durga about one call that affected her
the most. You can lend a listening ear too👂🏽:
https://healthserve.org.sg/volunteer #WorldSuicidePreventionDay #Community
#Mentalhealth #HealthServe #Suicideprevention")

[![Curious how a Peer Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant
workers looks like? Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather
every week to conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant
friends, right in their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬
#DidYouKnow that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL training – the first of
its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped
close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on
the ground. Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive
employers and committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe
#CommunityCare #mentalhealth #healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve
created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/52bcc69912a84f8697ee2873ee0cd87f_1693887398~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=EOx32qq9QA6wEYch2FEVg14qjWA%3D)**895**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious how a Peer Support Leader (PSL) training programme for migrant
workers looks like?  
  
Join us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to
conduct uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in
their dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬  
  
[**#DidYouKnow **](/tag/didyouknow) that HealthServe kicked off its first PSL
training – the first of its kind in Singapore for migrant workers – in 2021?
To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who serve as crucial first
detectors of distress signs on the ground.  
  
Huge shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and
committed volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#CommunityCare
**](/tag/communitycare) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#healthcare
**](/tag/healthcare) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#behindhealthserve **](/tag/behindhealthserve) ]( "Curious how a Peer
Support Leader \(PSL\) training programme for migrant workers looks like? Join
us for a sneak peek behind the scenes where we gather every week to conduct
uplifting psychoeducation sessions for our migrant friends, right in their
dorms or RCs, delivered in their languages 💬 #DidYouKnow that HealthServe
kicked off its first PSL training – the first of its kind in Singapore for
migrant workers – in 2021? To date, we’ve equipped close to 1100 PSLs who
serve as crucial first detectors of distress signs on the ground. Huge
shoutout to our community of participants, supportive employers and committed
volunteers, staff and interns! 🌟 #HealthServe #CommunityCare #mentalhealth
#healthcare #migrantworkers #behindhealthserve ")

[![This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers #happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp  created
by HealthServe with Muspace's A Cup of Coffee](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/c96f943e16614542b5d1dfaeebb6aedf_1691546783~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-
alisg-
pv-0037/ooJBsNXSkwxKzQAIA5ChAOBK9AafEgZ5yEpwAD.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=h9RP8HkafEcROlChELGSWecQ1CM%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ This National Day, we asked our unsung heroes what they liked about living
on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on to hear what our migrant friends had to
say 😊!  
  
[**#NDP2023 **](/tag/ndp2023) [**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)
[**#happybirthdaysingapore **](/tag/happybirthdaysingapore) [**#fypsg
**](/tag/fypsg) [**#fyp **](/tag/fyp) ]( "This National Day, we asked our
unsung heroes what they liked about living on the little red dot 🇸🇬 . Watch on
to hear what our migrant friends had to say 😊!  #NDP2023 #migrantworkers
#happybirthdaysingapore #fypsg #fyp ")

[!["Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed
to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when
he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/o45ibAb2giQFm7rHEmAOI1eDdQmafJFsnbDeCN~tplv-dmt-logom:tos-alisg-
pv-0037/oAIALJlEFEeATAraDAQAGeDD73nePiAmPbOEYg.image?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=kzo9ApDWnR8BzVp3DJ6N9sv%2Ffrk%3D)**849**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ "Really, I find out HealthServe (is) like family!"  
  
We’re truly blessed to be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon,
who was injured when he first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health
and company 💪🏽.  
  
This International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰.  
  
A heartfelt thank you to our incredible community of volunteers, partners,
interns, staff, and our cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable
moments that will forever hold a place in our hearts 💖.  
  
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers) [**#InternationalFriendshipDay
**](/tag/internationalfriendshipday) [**#Friendships **](/tag/friendships)
[**#community **](/tag/community) [**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve)](
""Really, I find out HealthServe \(is\) like family!"  We’re truly blessed to
be able to journey with migrant friends such as Melon, who was injured when he
first came to us in 2019 but today, is in good health and company 💪🏽. This
International Friendship Day, we celebrate the precious cross-border
friendships forged at HealthServe over the years 🥰. A heartfelt thank you to
our incredible community of volunteers, partners, interns, staff, and our
cherished migrant friends, for the unforgettable moments that will forever
hold a place in our hearts 💖.  #migrantworkers #InternationalFriendshipDay
#Friendships #community #HealthServe")

[![Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need. For the past 16
years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant
workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So thankful for
their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff, volunteers and
interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind
that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to
9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first come first serve basis.
#HealthServe  #Clinic  #CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers created by
HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-alisg-p-0037/owE6IBBEVIVuAunkw8CLbfGevCVCTD2gQhiRBE~tplv-
photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=xG0aho9gOaon1Dk1hRqD7DPpG6U%3D)**941**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ Curious what goes on behind a community clinic for migrant workers? 🏥✨  
  
Come along as we peel back the curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang,
where a community comes together to care for those in need.  
  
For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has stayed open to support ill
low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to affordable healthcare. So
thankful for their trust in us, and our committed team of clinic staff,
volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day in night out. ❤️  
  
🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at 5.30pm on a first
come first serve basis.  
  
[**#HealthServe **](/tag/healthserve) [**#Clinic **](/tag/clinic)
[**#CommunityCare **](/tag/communitycare) [**#healthcare **](/tag/healthcare)
[**#migrantworkers **](/tag/migrantworkers)]( "Curious what goes on behind a
community clinic for migrant workers?  🏥✨ Come along as we peel back the
curtain at HealthServe’s clinic in Geylang, where a community comes together
to care for those in need. For the past 16 years, the HealthServe clinic has
stayed open to support ill low-wage migrant workers who did not have access to
affordable healthcare. So thankful for their trust in us, and our committed
team of clinic staff, volunteers and interns who keep our clinic running day
in night out. ❤️ 🕡Please keep in mind that our clinic is open every Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday from 6:30 pm to 9:30 pm. Tokens are given out at
5.30pm on a first come first serve basis. #HealthServe  #Clinic
#CommunityCare  #healthcare  #migrantworkers")

[![நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்? வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும்
பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை
கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி
அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன்
இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul
ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத்
தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was
the last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a
moment to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join
our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and
Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's
original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/6a1f3f6c08724b8ba42fe56a1f8c8242_1688125536~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=O0sbXhgKmLQR0oO9COYj%2F6xFW5Y%3D)**753**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?  
  
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள்.  
  
இந்த வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான
@Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள்  
  
உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள் தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு
நன்றி  
  
துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129
5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும்.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan @Selvaraj in learning about the 7
types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "நீங்கள் கடைசியாக எப்போது ஓய்வெடுத்தீர்கள்?
வாழ்க்கை சில சமயங்களில் பெரும் பாதிப்பை ஏற்படுத்தும். ஆரோக்கியமான மனதை வைத்து
உங்கள் மன நலத்திற்கு முன்னுரிமை கொடுக்க சிறிது நேரம் ஒதுக்குங்கள். இந்த
வீடியோவில் உள்ள 7 வகையான ஓய்வு பற்றி அறிய, புலம் பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்களான @Amaran,
@Pandiyan @Selvaraj ஆகியோருடன் இணையுங்கள் உங்கள் ஆதரவிற்கு எங்கள்
தன்னார்வலர்களான Rachmat, Patrick, Arul ஆகியோருக்கு நன்றி துன்பத்தில் இருக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில்
HealthServe ஐ அழைக்கவும். ----- When was the last time you really rested? Life
can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental well-
being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers @Amaran, @Pandiyan
@Selvaraj in learning about the 7 types of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to
our volunteers Rachmat, Patrick and Arul for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a
migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health  #mentalhealth #wellness")

[![আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?   কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময়
হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে
আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর
মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ
ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায়
থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the last time you
really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise
your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our migrant brothers
@Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types of rest in this
video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your
support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at
3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind  #health
#mentalhealth  #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/5e8c54d85f2d4070a8d8cc8ddad9bbad_1688125386~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=ON3jETOSCsbSv7pJ8mdE%2FWJVy7A%3D)**135**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?  
  
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।  
আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল
থাকে।  
  
আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের
বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন। 😌  
  
আপনাদের সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি 🎬  
  
☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ
সার্ভে : 3129 5000.  
\-----  
When was the last time you really rested?  
  
Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment to prioritise your mental
well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  
  
Join our migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about
the 7 types of rest in this video 😌  
  
Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and Farick for your support 🎬  
  
☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#CaringforYourMind **](/tag/caringforyourmind)
[**#health **](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth)
[**#wellness **](/tag/wellness)]( "আপনি শেষ কবে খুব ভাল করে বিশ্রাম নিয়েছেন?
কোনও কোনও সময় জীবন খুব গতিময় হয়ে ওঠে।   আপনার মানসিক সুস্থতাকে প্রাধান্য
দিতে একটু সময় বের করুন যাতে আপনার মন ভাল থাকে।  আমাদের অভিবাসী ভাইদের সঙ্গে
অংশগ্রহণ করুন এবং এই ভিডিওর মাধ্যমে ৭ রকমের বিশ্রাম সম্পর্কে শিখুন।  😌 আপনাদের
সাহায্যের জন্য ধন্যবাদ ভলান্টিয়ার জুন জি  🎬 ☎️আপনার পরিচিত কোনও অভিবাসী কর্মী
কষ্টে বা সমস্যায় থাকলে, ফোন করুন হেলথ সার্ভে : 3129 5000. ----- When was the
last time you really rested? Life can get overwhelming at times. Take a moment
to prioritise your mental well-being by keeping a healthy mind.  Join our
migrant brothers @Hasan Samim, @Masud and @Riyad in learning about the 7 types
of rest in this video 😌 Thank you to our volunteers Jun Jie, Nazmul, and
Farick for your support 🎬 ☎️ If you know a migrant worker in distress, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000. #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips  #CaringforYourMind
#health  #mentalhealth  #wellness")

[![வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல்
ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள்
உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.  செஞ்சு
பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல்
தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our volunteer
physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3 simple
strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with your
friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help, remember
to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks to One
Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/47996aa666c9408c98479d83831b1154_1687703596~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=R873PAXSL5j8hZ%2BywcuQnUlrocY%3D)**29**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே.  
உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது.  
Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3 சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை
உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம். செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷  
வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129 5000ல் தொடர்பு
கொள்ளவும்.  
  
\-----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna
Kanthan Raman 📷  
  
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) [**#HealthServeTips
**](/tag/healthservetips) [**#health **](/tag/health) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "வணக்கம் நண்பர்களே. உங்களுக்கு முதுகு வலி பிரச்சினை
இருந்தா , இந்த தகவல் ரொம்ப உபயோகமானது. Physiotherapist Ernie அவர்கள் சொல்ற 3
சிம்பிள் உடற்பயிற்சிகள் மூலமா உங்க உடலை உறுதி செய்து, முதுகு வலியை போக்கலாம்.
செஞ்சு பாருங்க. 📷📷📷 வலி குறையலன்னா, எங்களோட 24 மணி நேர உதவி மைய்ய எண் 3129
5000ல் தொடர்பு கொள்ளவும். ----- Are you feeling back pain? We partner our
volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your body, and 3
simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share it with
your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need help,
remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special thanks
to One Physio  and our sporting migrant brothers Rajiv Krishna Kanthan Raman 📷
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #health  #wellness")

[![আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe with HealthServe's original
sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/e623ac7cb0214f578f295454753b7eda_1687703060~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=hYPjmo1sR4QUxqw5iFrLioBdmnY%3D)**26**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন?  
আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য
৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ ব্যায়াম শরীর শক্তিশালী করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে
বলি! 📷📷📷  
এই ভিডিওটি কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং
একসাথে এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন!  
আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000
এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না, এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে।  
One Physio এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal 📷  
\----  
Are you feeling back pain?  
We partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷  
Found this video useful? Share it with your friends and try these together!  
If you still feel pain or need help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour
helpline at 3129 5000.  
Special thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana,
Gaurhari Mondal  
📷  
  
#MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth
#wellness]( "আপনি কি আপনার পিঠে ব্যথা অনুভব করছেন? আমরা আমাদের স্বেচ্ছাসেবক
ফিজিওথেরাপিস্ট ERNIE কে আপনার শরীর পরীক্ষা করার জন্য ৩ টি ধাপ এবং ৩ টি সহজ
ব্যায়াম  শরীর শক্তিশালী  করার জন্য শেয়ার করতে অংশ নিতে বলি!  📷📷📷 এই ভিডিওটি
কি আপনার দরকারী মনে হয় ? তাহলে  আপনার বন্ধুদের সাথে শেয়ার করুন এবং একসাথে
এটি করার চেষ্টা করুন! আপনি যদি এর পরেও ব্যথা অনুভব করেন বা সাহায্যের প্রয়োজন
হয়, তাহলে 3129 5000 এই নম্বরে HealthServe-এর হেল্পলাইনে কল করতে ভুলবেন না,
এটি ২৪ ঘন্টা খোলা থাকে। One Physio  এবং আমাদের স্পোর্টিং অভিবাসী ভাইদেরকে
বিশেষ ধন্যবাদ Juel Rana, Gaurhari Mondal 📷 ---- Are you feeling back pain? We
partner our volunteer physiotherapist Ernie to share 3 steps to check your
body, and 3 simple strengthening exercises! 📷📷📷 Found this video useful? Share
it with your friends and try these together! If you still feel pain or need
help, remember to call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline at 3129 5000. Special
thanks to One Physio and our sporting migrant brothers Juel Rana, Gaurhari
Mondal 📷 #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  இந்த
#internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட
எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன் பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது
தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில்
தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில்
#MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! -----
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  This
#InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan,
Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.   📞If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMatters next weekend!  #MigrantMatters
#HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created
by HealthServe with HealthServe's original sound -
HealthServe](https://p16-sign-sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/f6659b76a44446c4b1aca535f1c93ad7_1687063907~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=LoQA0cbN4DpPkujTvUSqrIOTBJs%3D)
**795**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது
மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு உள்ளது.  
  
இந்த [**#internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek),
ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான
[**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் முதல் அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள்
வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள் கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின்
ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும் எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  
பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளர்களுடனும்,
பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.  
  
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.  
  
தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும் அயராது உழைக்கும்
புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️  
  
அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்!  
\-----  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we unveil the first of our three-episode
series [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s
migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled have been
rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal
stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our
midst.  
  
📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters)
next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/wellness)]( "சொந்த நாட்டை விட்டு, வேறு ஒரு நாட்டில் வாழ்க்கையை
வழிநடத்துவது சவாலானது மற்றும் ஒருவரை பெரும்பாலும் தனிமைப்படுத்த வாய்ப்பு
உள்ளது.  இந்த  #internationalmenshealthweek, ஹெல்த்சர்வின் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
நண்பர்களைக் கொண்ட எங்கள் மூன்று-அத்தியாய தொடரான #MigrantMatters -யின் முதல்
அத்தியாயத்தை நாங்கள் வெளியிடுகிறோம். அவர்கள் பயணித்த வாழ்க்கைப் பாதைகள்
கடினமானவை, மேலும் அவர்களின் ஆழ்ந்த தனிப்பட்ட கதைகளை எங்களுடனும், மற்றும்
எங்கள் மத்தியில் உள்ள  பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான குறைந்த ஊதியம் பெறும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த
தொழிலாளர்களுடனும், பகிர்ந்துக் கொண்ட அவர்களுக்கு நாங்கள் நன்றி தெரிவிக்கிறோம்.
📞புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளி ஒருவரைப் பற்றி உங்களுக்குத் தெரிந்தால், அவர்களுடன்
பேசுவதற்கு யாராவது தேவைப்படலாம், 3129 5000 என்ற எண்ணில் HealthServe-யை
அழைக்கவும்.    தாயகத்தில் தங்களுடைய குடும்பங்களுக்கு உதவ தன்னலமின்றியும்
அயராது உழைக்கும் புலம்பெயர்ந்த சகோதரர்கள் அனைவருக்கும் தந்தையர் தின
நல்வாழ்த்துக்கள் 👨❤️ அடுத்த வார இறுதியில் #MigrantMatters -யின் அடுத்த
அத்தியாயத்தை பார்க்க காத்திருங்கள்! ----- Navigating life in a new country can
be challenging and often isolating.  This #InternationalMensHealthWeek, we
unveil the first of our three-episode series #MigrantMatters, featuring
HealthServe’s migrant friends Amaran, Pandiyan, Selvaraj. Their roads traveled
have been rough, and we are grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply
personal stories with us and the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers
in our midst.   📞If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk
to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.  P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our
migrant brothers who work selflessly and tirelessly to provide for their
families back home 👨❤️  Stay tuned for the next episode of #MigrantMatters
next weekend!  #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips #CaringforYourHeart #health
#mentalhealth #wellness")

[![বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek, আমরা HealthServe-এর
অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত MigrantMatters-এর তিন
পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের
সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে হাজার হাজার স্বল্প
বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য আমরা তাদের কাছে
কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য
কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন। আমাদের
সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের জন্য
নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে #MigrantMatters
-এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating life in a new
country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness created by HealthServe
with HealthServe's original sound - HealthServe](https://p16-sign-
sg.tiktokcdn.com/tos-
alisg-p-0037/ef1a4069a2894e0a922317ff861397b3_1687062405~tplv-photomode-
zoomcover:480:480.jpeg?x-expires=1697378400&x-signature=KzANgtDxAc%2BMYGJnS3A8rOhnNhA%3D)**812**](https://www.tiktok.com/)

[ বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ
বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে।  
  
এই [**#InternationalMensHealthWeek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek), আমরা
HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim, Juel Rana সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি । তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ।  
  
☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে কথা বলার জন্য কারো
প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল করুন।  
  
আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের পরিবারের
জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️  
  
পরের সপ্তাহান্তে [**#MigrantMatters **](/tag/migrantmatters) -এর পরবর্তী
পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন!  
\-----------  
Navigating life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating.  
  
This [**#Internationalmenshealthweek **](/tag/internationalmenshealthweek) ,
we unveil the first of our three-episode series [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters), featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon ,
Samim, and Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are
grateful to them for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and
the tens of thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst.  
  
☎️ If you know of a migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call
HealthServe at 3129 5000.  
  
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️  
  
Stay tuned for the next episode of [**#MigrantMatters
**](/tag/migrantmatters)next weekend!  
  
#MigrantMatters [**#HealthServeTips **](/tag/healthservetips)
[**#CaringforYourHeart **](/tag/caringforyourheart) [**#health
**](/tag/health) [**#mentalhealth **](/tag/mentalhealth) [**#wellness
**](/tag/migrantmatters)]( "বাড়ি থেকে দূরের জীবন  চ্যালেঞ্জিং এবং প্রায়শই
পরিবারের সাথে যোগাযোগ বিচ্ছিন্ন হতে পারে। এই #InternationalMensHealthWeek,
আমরা HealthServe-এর অভিবাসী বন্ধুদের Imon , Samim,  Juel Rana  সমন্বিত
MigrantMatters-এর তিন পর্বের সিরিজের প্রথমটি উন্মোচন করেছি ।  তাদের রাস্তাগুলি
রুক্ষ ছিল, এবং আমাদের সাথে তাদের গভীর ব্যক্তিগত গল্প শেয়ার করা এবং আমাদের মাঝে
হাজার হাজার স্বল্প বেতনের অভিবাসী শ্রমিকদের সাহসের সাথে ভাগ করে নেওয়ার জন্য
আমরা তাদের কাছে কৃতজ্ঞ। ☎️আপনি যদি একজন অভিবাসী কর্মী সম্পর্কে জানেন যার সাথে
কথা বলার জন্য কারো প্রয়োজন হতে পারে, তাহলে 3129 5000 নম্বরে HealthServe-এ কল
করুন। আমাদের সমস্ত অভিবাসী ভাইদের জন্য বাবা দিবসের শুভেচ্ছা , যারা তাদের
পরিবারের জন্য নিঃস্বার্থভাবে এবং নিরলসভাবে কাজ করে।👨🏻❤️ পরের সপ্তাহান্তে
#MigrantMatters  -এর পরবর্তী পর্বের জন্য সাথে থাকুন! ----------- Navigating
life in a new country can be challenging and often isolating. This
#Internationalmenshealthweek , we unveil the first of our three-episode series
#MigrantMatters, featuring HealthServe’s migrant friends Imon , Samim, and
Juel Rana. Their roads traveled have been rough, and we are grateful to them
for bravely sharing their deeply personal stories with us and the tens of
thousands of low-wage migrant workers in our midst. ☎️ If you know of a
migrant worker who may need someone to talk to, call HealthServe at 3129 5000.
P.S. A very happy Fathers' Day to all our migrant brothers who work selflessly
and tirelessly to provide for their families back home 👨🏻❤️ Stay tuned for the
next episode of #MigrantMattersnext weekend! #MigrantMatters #HealthServeTips
#CaringforYourHeart #health #mentalhealth #wellness")

Get app

Get TikTok App

[](/ "YouTube")[](/ "YouTube")

[About](https://www.youtube.com/about/)[Press](https://www.youtube.com/about/press/)[Copyright](https://www.youtube.com/about/copyright/)[Contact
us](/t/contact_us/)[Creator](https://www.youtube.com/creators/)[Advertise](https://www.youtube.com/ads/)[Developers](https://developers.google.com/youtube)[Terms](/t/terms)[Privacy](/t/privacy)[Policy
& Safety](https://www.youtube.com/about/policies/)[How YouTube
works](https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks?utm_campaign=ytgen&utm_source=ythp&utm_medium=LeftNav&utm_content=txt&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fhowyoutubeworks%3Futm_source%3Dythp%26utm_medium%3DLeftNav%26utm_campaign%3Dytgen)[Test
new features](/new)

© 2023 Google LLC

HealthServe - YouTube



Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Medical & Dental Services

# Medical & Dental Services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

____ Menu

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

Healthcare is the heartbeat of HealthServe. Each year, thousands of migrant
workers walk through the doors of our community and dental clinic located in
Geylang.

Our clinics offer subsidised health services to low-wage migrant workers with
inadequate health assistance. We primarily support migrant workers in the
construction, marine and process (CMP) sector.

On top of providing medical and dental care, we also offer specialist
consultations (orthopedics, dermatology) and rehabilitation services
(occupational therapy, physiotherapy).  

For both consultation and medication, patients only need to pay a flat fee of
$8 for acute conditions and $15 for chronic disease care and dental services.
Fees are waived for migrant workers who are Special Pass holders or those who
have been referred by other partner NGOs.

![medical & dental services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/medical-dental-services-
plmfcarcr3oat4tezzmiijl7zpd3mbh8n7tqmm4x7o.jpg)

## 2022 Impact Summary

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/chronic-
disease.svg)

Chronic disease consultations

## 2,900

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/acute-
consultations.svg)

Acute consultations

## 3,100

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/dental.svg)

Dental consultations

## 1,200

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Specialist-
consultations.svg)

Specialist consultations

## 360

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/occupational.svg)

Occupational and Physiotherapy sessions

## 110

## Hear From Our Community

If we visit [private] clinics, the consultation fee is high and there’s a
language barrier, they can’t understand me. That’s why I came here. For those
people from my hometown with fevers or headaches, I will recommend them to
come here.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/user_default.png)

Guo

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has made me feel more secure about being in a foreign country and
reminded me not to be afraid or lonely in case I need medical or emotional
support.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Rona-at-Cruise-
Ship-300x294.jpg)

Rona

Shipyard worker from Bangladesh

I thinking, I no makan but no die, maybe HealthServe come from God to help me.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Dipu-300x300.jpg)

Dipu

Construction worker from Bangladesh

HealthServe saved my life.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Jing-Xiao-
Jiang-300x259.jpg)

Jiang

Waste management worker from China

What I’m most grateful to HealthServe for is... showing me a direction to work
towards, whenever there is something I don’t understand. And when we don’t
receive our rightful compensation, HealthServe mediates for us with the
government and our employers.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Dong-Hai-
Airport-send-off-300x270.jpg)

Dong

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has been really helpful to me, especially with my medical expenses
and issues

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/dinesh-300x300.jpg)

Dinesh

Factory Worker from India

Everyone here is really friendly and nice, and is always willing to offer a
listening ear

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/ali-300x300.jpg)

Ali Jamat

Excavator Operator from Bangladesh

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

We use cookies to run the website and carry out statistical analysis to offer
you the best possible user experience. By clicking on “Accept”, you consent to
our use of cookies.Accept

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#8be2e5ede4cbe3eeeae7ffe3f8eef9fdeea5e4f9eca5f8ec)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Mental Health & Counselling Services

# Mental Health & Counselling Services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

____ Menu

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

Leveraging HealthServe’s medical expertise, our multi-level mental health
programme was launched in 2019 and is the first of its kind in Singapore,
aimed at supporting the mental and emotional well-being of the migrant worker
community.

HealthServe’s Mental Health & Counselling Services team provides a full range
of services from Singapore’s first 24-hour crisis helpline for workers to
individual counselling services and large group psychoeducation workshops.

An advocate of Aset-Based Community Development, we work closely with
ecosystem stakeholders – including government agencies, hospitals, industry
associations, dormitories and employers – to support and strengthen migrant
workers’ mental well-being. Together, we strive to empower our migrant
community to take charge of their own health.

![b82d0af0-8b41-4d25-8ca5-a16bcd391bdd](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/b82d0af0-8b41-4d25-8ca5-a16bcd391bdd-q9mz9va8zl3fn9vde61aogwsnewhdz8th36q2klixw.jpg)

## 2022 Impact Summary

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Participants-of-
mental-wellness-workshops.svg)

Participants of >40 mental health education workshops

## 1,900

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/workers-
supported.svg)

Workers supported >8,500 crisis helpline calls

## 4,000

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/counselling.svg)

Workers received counselling support

## 660

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/peer-
support.svg)

Peer Support Leaders trained >50 trainings

## 570

## Three Pillars of Mental Health Services

### Education and Awareness

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/education-and-
awareness.svg)

We offer mass psychoeducation sessions conducted in the native language of
migrant workers at their worksites, as well as formal skills workshops for
employers, supervisors and managers.

### Bridging Communities

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/bridging-
communities.svg)

To address workers’ mental health issues and provide support in their native
languages, we operate a 24-hour crisis helpline +65 3129 5000, where both
migrant workers and concerned stakeholders may reach out for assistance
anytime.

### Caring for the Community

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/Caring-for-the-
community.svg)

HealthServe’s team of native-speaking qualified counsellors have been
supporting referrals from ministries, employers and healthcare facilities.
They have been working in collaboration with external and internal parties to
provide psycho-emotional support to migrant workers.

## Caring Cards

When was the last time you had a thoughtful conversation with someone you
cared about?

As a small non-profit organisation that is big on holistic health, we
recognise the impact social connection (or the lack thereof) can have on one’s
mental wellbeing. That’s why we created Caring Cards to start conversations
within our migrant community.

[ Learn more ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Hear From Our Community

If we visit [private] clinics, the consultation fee is high and there’s a
language barrier, they can’t understand me. That’s why I came here. For those
people from my hometown with fevers or headaches, I will recommend them to
come here.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/user_default.png)

Guo

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has made me feel more secure about being in a foreign country and
reminded me not to be afraid or lonely in case I need medical or emotional
support.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Rona-at-Cruise-
Ship-300x294.jpg)

Rona

Shipyard worker from Bangladesh

I thinking, I no makan but no die, maybe HealthServe come from God to help me.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Dipu-300x300.jpg)

Dipu

Construction worker from Bangladesh

HealthServe saved my life.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Jing-Xiao-
Jiang-300x259.jpg)

Jiang

Waste management worker from China

What I’m most grateful to HealthServe for is... showing me a direction to work
towards, whenever there is something I don’t understand. And when we don’t
receive our rightful compensation, HealthServe mediates for us with the
government and our employers.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Dong-Hai-
Airport-send-off-300x270.jpg)

Dong

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has been really helpful to me, especially with my medical expenses
and issues

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/dinesh-300x300.jpg)

Dinesh

Factory Worker from India

Everyone here is really friendly and nice, and is always willing to offer a
listening ear

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/ali-300x300.jpg)

Ali Jamat

Excavator Operator from Bangladesh

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

We use cookies to run the website and carry out statistical analysis to offer
you the best possible user experience. By clicking on “Accept”, you consent to
our use of cookies.Accept

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#2c45424a436c44494d4058445f495e5a4902435e4b025f4b)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Casework & Social Services

# Casework & Social Services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

____ Menu

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

### Casework Support

HealthServe provides casework support to migrant workers with work injury
claims and legal, criminal or employment-related issues. Each year, we assist
on hundreds of cases.

Our caseworkers follow up on each case closely, even accompanying workers to
the hospital for their checkups and medical assessments. With the help of the
Ministry of Manpower, hospitals, pro bono lawyers and other community
organisations, we are working towards creating a Singapore where everyone is
treated fairly.

![Grace Baey](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/social-support-
scaled-q9o6qvmhy9h42ilvu5ghn1melr647v82b5zaau5544.jpg)

### Social Services

For many workers, the waiting period for work injury compensation or dispute
resolution may last several months to more than a year. During this period,
workers on Special Passes are not allowed to work and receive no income.

It can be difficult for them to afford daily necessities. To meet these needs,
HealthServe offers a variety of social assistance to these unemployed migrant
workers, including free meals, phone and transport expenses and emergency
funds.

![IMG_1870](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/IMG_1870-scaled-q9mzdcas8jukjets462oe3d3nnsatq14a9yawdg5yc.jpg)

### Outreach & Engagement

We aim to build a community where migrant workers feel accepted and supported.
We partner community organisations, corporations, and churches to host health
carnivals and community events for our migrant friends. From informative
health screenings to fun and meaningful celebrations, these initiatives never
fail to put a smile on their faces.

We also continue to reach out to migrant workers in their dormitories to
befriend them and inform them of their rights and resources available to them.

![_DSC6584](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/DSC6584-scaled-q9mzcegleik8xg6xlrg3wbwi9sf34mas5mgtmeuc6c.jpg)

## 2022 Impact Summary

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/cases_of_social_assistance.svg)

Cases of social assistance rendered (in emergency financial assistance, meals,
groceries, phone and transport top-ups)

## 3,100

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/cases-
supported.svg)

Workers supported

## 720

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/financial-
assistance.svg)

in social assistance disbursed (in cash/kind)

## $46,400

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Workers-engaged-
through-outreach-events.svg)

Workers engaged through >30 outreach events and health screenings

## 10,300

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Workers-engaged-
through-health-screenings.svg)

Workers benefited from chronic disease health education over >10 health
screenings

## 1,200

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/carepackage.svg)

Workers received care packs

## 3,100

## Hear From Our Community

If we visit [private] clinics, the consultation fee is high and there’s a
language barrier, they can’t understand me. That’s why I came here. For those
people from my hometown with fevers or headaches, I will recommend them to
come here.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/user_default.png)

Guo

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has made me feel more secure about being in a foreign country and
reminded me not to be afraid or lonely in case I need medical or emotional
support.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Rona-at-Cruise-
Ship-300x294.jpg)

Rona

Shipyard worker from Bangladesh

I thinking, I no makan but no die, maybe HealthServe come from God to help me.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/Dipu-300x300.jpg)

Dipu

Construction worker from Bangladesh

HealthServe saved my life.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Jing-Xiao-
Jiang-300x259.jpg)

Jiang

Waste management worker from China

What I’m most grateful to HealthServe for is... showing me a direction to work
towards, whenever there is something I don’t understand. And when we don’t
receive our rightful compensation, HealthServe mediates for us with the
government and our employers.

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/Dong-Hai-
Airport-send-off-300x270.jpg)

Dong

Construction worker from China

HealthServe has been really helpful to me, especially with my medical expenses
and issues

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/dinesh-300x300.jpg)

Dinesh

Factory Worker from India

Everyone here is really friendly and nice, and is always willing to offer a
listening ear

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/ali-300x300.jpg)

Ali Jamat

Excavator Operator from Bangladesh

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

We use cookies to run the website and carry out statistical analysis to offer
you the best possible user experience. By clicking on “Accept”, you consent to
our use of cookies.Accept

Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20126%2058'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/hs-logo-white.svg)

  * [ 24-hour Helpline ](tel:+65%203129%205000)

# Front Page EN

# HealthServe’s help centre for migrant workers

## Choose a language

### [English](/home/)

### [বাংলা ](/bn/home-bengali/)

### [தமிழ்](/ta/home-tamil/)

### [中文](/zh/home-cn/)

## Seeking assistance for a migrant worker?

### +65 3129 5000

HealthServe 24-hour Helpline

Call HealthServe’s 24-hour helpline or email us at:

  * [ [email protected] ](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#264f484049664e43474a524e554354504308495441085541)

© Copyrights 2022. All rights reserved.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/healthservesg/)
  * [ ](https://sg.linkedin.com/company/healthserve)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)
  * [ ](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

SEARCH

### Learn more about HealthServe’s latest news

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20172%2079'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/hs-logo.svg)

__ Search



