Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Personal Data Protection Policy

# Personal Data Protection Policy

### **HealthServe Personal Data Protection Notice**

The security of your personal data is important to HealthServe Ltd (“
**HealthServe** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **us** ” or “ **our** ”) and we are committed
to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Personal Data Protection
Notice (“ **Notice** ”) sets out HealthServe’s personal data protection policy
(“Privacy Policy”) and the basis which we may collect, use, disclose, process
and manage personal data of our existing or prospective Personnel, donors,
business partners, service users and their authorised representatives in
accordance with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act (“ **PDPA** ”) and
the Advisory Guidelines for the Social Service Sector by the Personal Data
Protection Commission. This Notice applies to personal data in our possession
or under our control, including personal data in the possession of
organisations which we have engaged to collect, use, disclose or process
personal data for our purposes.

Collection, use, disclosure or otherwise processing of personal data of our
service users on behalf of government ministries or statutory boards will be
in accordance with guidelines set out in the government’s data management
policy. **HealthServe** will comply with the relevant requirements under the
government’s data management policy.

Please read this Notice carefully to understand our Privacy Policy. By
providing your personal data to us, you are consenting to HealthServe’s
Privacy Policy and the collection, usage, disclosure, processing and
management of your personal data as described in the Privacy Policy.

**_PERSONAL DATA_**

  1. As used in this Notice:

“Personnel” means volunteers, board and committee members and all employees of
HealthServe including full-time, part-time and interns.

“personal data” means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can
be identified: (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information
to which we have or are likely to have access. Such individuals include, but
are not limited to, our existing or prospective Personnel, donors, business
partners, service users and their authorised representatives.

“servicer users” means individuals who use health (including mental health)
and social care services provided by HealthServe and they include, but not
limited to, patients, clients, any person who participates in HealthServe’s
organised activities; or who is the recipient of any payment or other
distributions made by HealthServe or its partners.

  2. Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, some examples of personal data which we may collect from you include, but not limited to, the following: 
    * Personal particulars (e.g., name, identification numbers such as NRIC, FIN, work permit and passport numbers, contact information such as residential/mailing addresses, email addresses, telephone and mobile numbers, nationality, date of birth);
    * Specimen signature(s);
    * Medical and legal history and records;
    * Photographs and other audio-visual information,
    * Employment information; and
    * Financial information (e.g., bank account information). 

If you are a prospective or existing Personnel, HealthServe may also collect
additional Personal Data including, but not limited to, the following:

    * Educational information (e.g., Resume, educational qualifications, professional qualifications and certifications and employment references);
    * Registration license details such as those issued by Singapore Medical Council, Singapore Dental Council and other Registration bodies
    * Employment details (e.g., occupation, directorships and other positions held, employment history, salary, and/or benefits);
    * Personal particulars (e.g., Gender, religion, marital status, details of next-of-kin, spouse and other family members)
    * Medical information (e.g., work-related health issues and disabilities)

The exact amount of personal data to be collected will be dependent on
HealthServe’s purposes and needs which may vary from time to time.

  3. Other terms used in this Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the PDPA (where the context so permits).

**_COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA_**

  4. We generally do not collect your personal data unless (a) it is provided to us voluntarily by you directly or via a third party who has been duly authorised by you to disclose your personal data to us (your “authorised representative”), or (b) collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by the PDPA or other laws. In so far as possible, we shall seek your consent before collecting any additional personal data and before using your personal data for a purpose which has not been notified to you (except where permitted or authorised by law). If you provide us with any personal data relating to a third party, by submitting such information to us, you undertake that you have obtained the consent of such third party to provide us with their personal data for the collection, use and disclosure described in this Notice.

  5. Depending on your relationship with HealthServe (whether as an existing or prospective Personnel, donor, business partner, service user or service user’s authorised representative, etc), we may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the purposes including, but not limited to, the following: 
    * establishing your relationship with us such as processing and evaluating your application for services;
    * performing obligations under or in connection with our provision of services to you or requested by you or your provision of services to us;
    * maintaining contact and communicating with you including, but not limited to, providing you with information on our upcoming events or activities and other publicity activities, where you have specifically requested to receive such information;
    * responding to, handling and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints and feedback from you;
    * monitoring, evaluating and/or auditing of services provided. This may include an assessment of the quality of the services provided and the effects of the services provided (both in the short and long term, and after you have stopped using the services);
    * conducting surveys, research or statistical analysis (e.g., related to your personal circumstances or services you used) in order to help us serve you better;
    * managing and processing donations and sponsorship including, but not limited to, your tax deduction claims;
    * verifying your identity and the accuracy of your personal details and other information provided;
    * performing screening and due diligence checks as may be required under applicable law or regulation
    * performing human resource and recruitment processes including, but not limited to, (1) processing and evaluating your suitability for  
employment, internship or voluntarism, (2) performing obligations under or in
connection with your employment, internship or  
voluntarism such as payment of remuneration where applicable, (3) managing and
terminating our relationship with a Personnel, (4) all  
administrative and human resources related matters within our organisation
such as administering payroll, granting access to  
our premises and computer systems, processing leave applications, claims and
expenses reimbursements, administering your  
insurance and other Personnel benefits;

    * managing our business operations, complying with internal policies and procedures and audit and record keeping purposes;
    * internal and external publicity purposes through various mediums, such as printed newsletters, brochures, flyers, posters, banners,  
electronic publications, websites and social media platforms (including, but
not limited to, photographs and audio/video recordings from HealthServe
events);

    * complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
    * any other incidental purposes related to or in connection with the above or purposes permitted by applicable law;
    * any other purposes which HealthServe may inform you in writing from time to time, but for which HealthServe will seek your separate consent (except where permitted or authorised by law)

  6. HealthServe is committed to keeping your personal data confidential. However, we may from time to time and in compliance with all applicable laws on data privacy, disclose your personal data to third parties, whether located in Singapore or elsewhere, in order to carry out the purposes set out in clause 5 above. Please be assured that when we disclose your personal data to such parties, we will require that the authorised third party ensure that your personal data are kept confidential and secured at all times and that the third party has privacy policies that provide a standard of protection that is at least comparable to the PDPA.
  7. Depending on the nature of the engagement, HealthServe may disclose your personal data to various parties, including but not limited to the following: 
    * to third party service providers, agents and other organisations we have engaged to perform any of the purposes listed in clause 5 above;
    * when it is necessary for your interest (such as referral for external services or sharing your personal data with other help-agencies in order to improve inter-agency service delivery and coordination);
    * to donors and sponsors for evaluating and monitoring funding support;
    * when it is necessary to ensure safety and protection of life during times when there is indication and assessment of harm and risk to self or others (such as to dormitory operators, Ministry of Manpower, paramedics, medical professionals, clinics/hospitals, etc.);
    * to third party service providers, agents, contractors, consultants, auditors or advisers, such as those who provides administrative, marketing and research, training, data processing, auditing, technology and payment services;
    * to comply with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, rules or requests by public agencies such as Ministry of Health and Ministry of Manpower, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations. As a healthcare institution, HealthServe may be required to share relevant data and participate in national and multi-agency efforts relating to healthcare (e.g., review healthcare policies and requirements, ensure patient safety and to improve quality of healthcare services, etc.);
    * when disclosure is permitted under any of the statutory exemptions under PDPA; and
    * to any other party to whom you authorised us to disclose your personal data to, or where necessary to undertake any action requested by you.

**_WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT_**

  8. The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you or your authorised representative in writing. You or your authorised representative may withdraw consent and request us to stop collecting, using and/or disclosing your personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below. You may access the request form here: [Withdrawal Request Form](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Annex-E-HEALTHSERVES-WITHDRAWAL-OF-CONSENT-REQUEST-FORM.pdf)

  9. Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require reasonable time (depending on the complexity of the request and its impact on our relationship with you) for your request to be processed. In general, we shall seek to process your request within ten (10) business days of receiving it.

  10. Whilst we respect your decision to withdraw your consent, please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our goods or services to you including, but not limited to, the medical care and services you would receive from HealthServe.

  11. Please note that withdrawing consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclose without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws.

**_ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA_**

  12. HealthServe relies on personal data provided by you (or your authorised representative) to provide products and services to you. You should ensure that your personal data provided to us is current, complete and accurate at all times.

**_ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL DATA_**

  13. If you wish to make a request (a) for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data, or (b) to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold about you, you may submit your request to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below. Please note that an administrative fee may be charged for processing your request, depending on the nature and complexity of the request. We will inform you of any such fee before processing your request. You may access the forms here: [Access Request Form](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Annex-C-HEALTHSERVES-ACCESS-REQUEST-FORM.pdf), [Correction Request Form](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Annex-D-HEALTHSERVES-CORRECTION-REQUEST-FORM.pdf).

  14. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. In general, our response will be within thirty (30) business days after receiving your request. Should we not be able to respond to your request within this time or if we are unable to provide you with any personal data or to make a correction requested by you, we shall inform you accordingly and will generally provide the reasons why we are unable to do so (except where we are not required to do so under the PDPA).

**_PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA_**

  15. HealthServe takes your personal data confidentiality seriously and has put in place reasonable measures to safeguard your personal data from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks. We have introduced appropriate administrative, physical and technical measures such as authentication and access controls, up-to-date antivirus protection, and disclosing personal data both internally and to our authorised third-party service providers and agents only on a need-to-know basis.

  16. You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures.

**_RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA_**

  17. HealthServe only retains your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, for our business and legal purposes, or as required or permitted by applicable laws. In general, we do not retain personal data after the original purposes for which the personal data was collected have ceased to be applicable, unless otherwise required by law or other mandatory directions by court or government authorities or for purposes of legal proceedings or other similar proceedings or investigations. For unsuccessful employment/internship/volunteer applications, HealthServe will retain your personal data for no longer than one year for the purposes of evaluating your suitability for future positions, unless you inform us otherwise as per clause 9.

**_TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF SINGAPORE_**

  18. HealthServe generally does not transfer your personal data outside of Singapore, unless otherwise required or permitted by law. In the event that your personal data is transferred, stored, processed outside Singapore, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to receive a standard of protection that is at least comparable to that provided under the PDPA.

**_DATA PROTECTION OFFICER_**

  19. You may contact our Data Protection Officer at [**[email protected]**](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#c2a6b2ad82aaa7a3aeb6aab1a7b0b4a7ecadb0a5ecb1a5) if you have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection policies and procedures, or if you wish to make any request.

**_EFFECT OF NOTICE AND CHANGES TO NOTICE_**

  20. This Notice applies in conjunction with any other notices, contractual clauses and consent clauses that apply in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data by us.

  21. We may revise this Notice from time to time to ensure that this Notice is consistent with any developments in the way HealthServe uses your personal data or any changes to the laws and regulations applicable to HealthServe. We will make available this Notice on our website together with the date of last update. Please refer to our website ([healthserve.org.sg](https://healthserve.org.sg)) from time to time for any changes and/or updates to this Notice. All communications, transactions and dealings with us shall be subject to the latest version of our Notice in force at the time. Your continued use of our services constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of such changes.

_**Last updated:** 1 November 2021_

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

Are you a migrant worker? [Click here](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

您是客工吗？ [请点击这里。](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

நீங்கள் புலம்பெயர்ந்த தொழிலாளியா? [இங்கே
அழுத்தவும்](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

আপনি কি একজন অভিবাসী শ্রমিক? [এখানে ক্লিক
করুন।](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

သင်သည်တစ်စုံတစ်ဦးနှင့်စကားပြောလိုသော ရွှေ့ပြောင်းအလုပ်သမားတစ်ဦးလား။
[ဤနေရာကိုကလစ်နှိပ်ပါ။](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

คุณ คือ แรงงานต่างชาติ ใช่หรือไม่
[กรุณาตอบที่นี่](https://help.healthserve.org.sg/)

[ ![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Logo.svg)
](https://www.healthserve.org.sg)

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

____ Menu

  * [Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Get Involved](/volunteer/)
    * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
    * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
    * [Join Us](/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
      * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
    * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
    * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)
  * [Our Services](/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
    * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
    * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)
  * [Our Supporters](/our-donors/)
    * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)
  * [About Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
    * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
    * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Highlights](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
      * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
      * [Corporate Governance](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/corporate-governance/)
    * [Our Team](/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Co-founder & Board of Directors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
      * [Board Committees](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/board-committees/)
      * [Leadership Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/leadership-team/)
    * [Latest](/category/press-room/)
      * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
      * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
      * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
      * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
    * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

[ Donate ](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)

[Home](https://www.healthserve.org.sg) \ Code of Conduct Policy

# Code of Conduct Policy

### **Code of Conduct for Interns/Volunteers**

  *  **Appearance**

HealthServe requires all interns/volunteers to be appropriately attired at all
times in relation to their roles and where uniforms are required, these should
be worn. Interns/volunteers are to ensure that personal hygiene and grooming
are properly attended to prior to presenting themselves for duty.

  *  **Personal Data**

All interns/volunteers are required to use the personal data (as defined in
the Personal Data Protection Act 2012), acquired by or supplied to him/her
during the course of or incidental to his/her employment by HealthServe,
(“personal data”) only for the purpose for which the personal data was
provided for. All interns/volunteers must hold the personal data in strict
confidence in accordance with the Confidentiality clause below. All
interns/volunteers must destroy or return to HealthServe, on demand, any
document containing any personal data and any copy which may have been made,
and use its best endeavours to expunge all personal data from any computer,
word processor or other device containing any personal data.

  * **Confidentiality**

All interns/volunteers shall keep confidential all information which are
acquired by or supplied to him/her during the course of or incidental to
his/her role in HealthServe (“Confidential Information”) and will not (a)
discuss, communicate or disclose or otherwise make available such Confidential
Information to any third parties including the media; and (b) make or publish
any statement on social media concerning any Confidential Information or any
matters in relation thereto; unless with prior written consent of
HealthServe’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”).

All interns/volunteers shall not use any Confidential Information for the
interns/volunteers’ personal gain or advantage and shall take all necessary
security precautions and measures to safeguard the integrity and prevent the
unauthorised use or disclosure of such Confidential Information. The duty of
confidentiality extends to HealthServe’s affairs, properties, personal data of
HealthServe’s employees, interns, volunteers, clients and all other parties
included in HealthServe’s privacy policy.

Any breach of confidentiality is considered a gross misconduct and could lead
to termination of service.

  *  **Gifts and Hospitality**

HealthServe prohibits interns/volunteers from accepting any gifts or kickback
(money, favours or in kind) from any client, supplier, or any other person
doing business with HealthServe.

  * **Communication with Media**

Interns/volunteers are not to misrepresent HealthServe to any third party on
any matters and not allowed to communicate with the media without the prior
approval of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).

  *  **Harassment and Safety**

Workplace harassment can occur when one party at the workplace or external
parties/clients/stakeholders demonstrate behaviour or conduct themselves in a
manner that causes or is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to
another party. Such behaviour can violate a person’s dignity or create an
unfavourable work environment for him/her, which poses a risk to the person’s
safety and health. Workplace harassment include but are not limited to: (1)
Threatening, abusive or insulting language, comments or other non-verbal
gestures; (2) Physical violence; (3) Bullying, including cyber-bullying; (4)
Sexual harassment; (5) Stalking. Workplace harassment can take place through
different modes of communications, such as email, text messaging or social
media; and can occur within and beyond HealthServe’s premises, such as
dormitories, recreational centers, office compound/neighbourhood or other
work-related occasions/locations. Workplace harassment can be directed at
and/or carried out by: Co-workers (including employees, interns and
volunteers), supervisors/managers, people interacted with in the course of
duty e.g. clients/patients, contractors, other stakeholders, passersby or
third parties.

HealthServe does not tolerate any form of physical, psychological, verbal or
sexual harassment. All interns/volunteers need to be professional in their own
behaviour and ensure that appropriate standards of behaviour are maintained in
discharging their duties. Interns/volunteers must treat everyone with respect
and dignity and be culturally sensitive, tolerant and respectful towards each
other. HealthServe may terminate our relationship with interns/volunteers who
are guilty of harassment and in more serious case, a police report may be
lodged.

All interns and volunteers should take reasonable precautions to protect
themselves from potential harassment during the course of their duties. This
may include but not limited to avoiding situations which will increase the
risk of harassment, being mindful of the potential risk and be alert when
leaving the office premises at night, (for females) not meeting client alone
in both office and public spaces. Due to the location of the Geylang office,
there may be risk of harassment by visitors or drunk patrons from the
neighbourhood, especially during the night.

Any intern or volunteer who witnessed or was subjected to harassment is
encouraged to put a stop to the harassment as soon as possible and report the
incident to their supervisor/manager, Head of Department or CEO (collectively
known as “manager”). Once an incident is raised, the manager must talk with
the parties concerned and ensure that appropriate action is taken to manage
the issue at the onset. The manager should also advise the affected person to
make a police report if the case contravenes the Protection from Harassment
Act. A safe environment should be provided for the intern/volunteer to speak
up about their discomfort and concerns to allow for early intervention. The
matter should be reported to the CEO who will initiate an investigation on any
such report received.

  * **Intellectual Properties Rights**

Interns/volunteers must recognise that any intellectual properties, training
material, knowhow of any description that are developed whilst with
HealthServe remains the properties of HealthServe whether or not such
properties have been licensed or registered. The use of such properties is
confined solely for the purpose of conducting HealthServe’s operations and
must not be used for any other purpose without the written consent of the CEO.

Property rights belonging to third parties under license to HealthServe must
be used in compliance with the terms and conditions of the license. Any breach
of the licensing terms and conditions resulting in monetary penalties will be
borne by the intern/volunteer concerned.

  *  **Conflicts of Interest**

Interns/volunteers are required to disclose all conflicted situations. A
conflict of interest exists but not necessarily limited to the following:

  1. Interns/volunteers with personal interest (including members of his immediate family) in business transaction or contracts entered that HealthServe may enter into.
  2. Interns/volunteers with interest in entities that HealthServe may have dealings/relationships where the interest of HealthServe may be compromised.
  3. Interns/volunteers who are related to Board members and /or staff of HealthServe.
  4. Interns/volunteers who are serving other organisations as a volunteer or paid staff.

  *  **Rules and Regulations**

HealthServe shall consider servicing notice of termination on any
intern/volunteer guilty of infringement of any of the Rules and Regulations
listed below.

  1. Failing to faithfully and diligently perform such duties or accept such responsibilities as may from time to time be assigned to you by HealthServe;
  2. Failing to attempt to the utmost of your ability to promote and advance the interests of HealthServe;
  3. Failing to obey and comply with all lawful and reasonable orders and directions given to you by HealthServe;
  4. Failing to faithfully observe all the orders, regulations, procedures, practices and arrangements of HealthServe in relation to the management of HealthServe’s properties and work or for the good conduct of HealthServe’s interns/volunteers;
  5. Releasing personal data, official documents and/or information without prior approval from HealthServe’s senior management and other breaches of HealthServe’s confidentiality and privacy policy;
  6. Committing any wilful or negligent act which results in damage to any goods or property belonging to HealthServe or others, damage to HealthServe’s reputation and interest or endanger the life or safety of any person;
  7. Failing to comply with HealthServe’s policies on information technology security including but not limited to misuse of HealthServe’s property such as office equipment, personal computers, notebooks, network computers, email system and internet;
  8. Committing thefts or fraud or dishonesty in connection with the HealthServe’s operations or property including but not limited to using donations or HealthServe’s property for personal benefit;
  9. Other acts of misbehaviour and misconduct which affects the ability of the intern/volunteer to perform his/her duties, results in damages to HealthServe’s assets/interest/ reputation or engagers the life or safety of another person, including but not limited to:
    1. Gambling or promoting any illegal form of gambling within HealthServe;
    2. Transgressing any penal law of the Republic of Singapore;
    3. Demanding, offering or accepting bribes or any illegal gratification;
    4. False declaration of particulars;
    5. Gross incompetence or insubordination;
    6. Engaging in private business or unlawful activity within HealthServe’s premises;
    7. Making inappropriate comments about HealthServe and its activities on social media or other medium of communication etc;
    8. Being absent from duty without permission or adequate reasons;
    9. Working for any organisation or establishment which might result in conflict of interest, without prior approval from HealthServe’s senior management;
    10. Failing to adhere to HealthServe’s Code of Conduct; and
    11. Not conducting private affairs in a manner befitting of his/her status within HSL.

## Get Involved

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

  * [Donate](https://give.healthserve.org.sg/)
  * [Volunteer](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/volunteer/)
  * [Internship Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/internship-opportunities/)
  * [Job Opportunities](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/job-opportunities/)
  * [Partner Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/partner-us/)
  * [Caring Cards](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/caring-cards/)

## Our services

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

  * [Medical & Dental Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/medical-dental-services/)
  * [Mental Health & Counselling Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/mental-health-counselling-services/)
  * [Casework & Social Services](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/casework-social-services/)

## Our Supporters

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

  * [Our Donors](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-donors/)

## About us

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

  * [Our Belief](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-belief/)
  * [Our Story](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-story/)
  * [Our Impact](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/)
  * [Annual Reports](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/our-impact/annual-reports/)
  * [Our Team](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/co-founder-board-of-directors/)
  * [Press Room](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/press-room/)
  * [In the News](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/category/in-the-news/)
  * [Stories](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/stories/)
  * [Research & Publications](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/research_publication/)
  * [Contact Us](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/contact-us/)

© Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/pdpa-policy/)

[Whistleblowing Policy](/whistleblowing-policy-procedure/)

Featured photographs courtesy of Grace Baey

[ Facebook __](https://www.facebook.com/healthservesg) [ Instagram
__](https://instagram.com/healthservesg) [ Linkedin
__](http://linkedin.com/company/healthserve) [ Youtube
__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0FeqVzdEeZXdqsf9kQKejA) [
](https://www.tiktok.com/@healthserve)

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search

__ Search

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

Email Address

Subscribe Now

![](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/hs-logo.svg)

Search SEARCH

### Stay up to date with our latest happenings

![vm](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/elementor/thumbs/vm-
pmixptufh2bnn81mfu7ko7wdbzn253ls45hk0dmg9o.jpg)

Email Address

Subscribe Now

# **Do you feel unwell?**

# Visit HealthServe's Clinic @ Geylang

#

1 Lorong 23 Geylang S388352 (Aljunied MRT)  
Clinic Hours: 6.30pm - 9.30pm (Tue, Wed & Thurs)  
Work Permit / S-Pass Holders: SGD8 for Acute diseases, SGD15 for Chronic
Diseases Special Pass Holders: FREE

  
Call/Whatsapp: +65 31574458

# **Want to see a doctor now? Where do you go?**

[ __ Learn More ](https://www.healthserve.org.sg/revamp/find-us/)

