[ ![HOME ](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a12725612abd96b9c737354/1512006074840-DDTG0JDU6HZ72GX7KSO9/HOME+Logo.jpg?format=1500w)
](/)

[ ](/search)

[ Home ](/) [ Our Story ](/bridget) [ About Us ](/about-us) What We Do Stories
[ Home Academy ](/home-academy-1) Advocacy [ Contact ](/contact) [ DONATE
](/donate)

Back [ What We Do ](/what-we-do-index) [ Testimonials ](/testimonials-index)

Back [ Updates ](/our-updates) [ Humans of HOME
](https://www.facebook.com/humansofhome/) [ Newsletters ](/newsletters) [ My
Voice ](/my-voice)

Back [ HOME in the News ](/news) [ Letters to the Press ](/letters-to-the-
press) [ Statements ](/statements) [ Research ](/research)

[ ](https://www.facebook.com/home.migrants.sg)[
](https://www.instagram.com/home.migrants.sg/)[
](https://twitter.com/home_migrantssg?lang=en)

[Home](/)[Our Story](/bridget)[About Us](/about-us) [What We Do](/what-we-do)
[What We Do](/what-we-do-index) [Testimonials](/testimonials-index)
[Stories](/stories) [Updates](/our-updates) [Humans of
HOME](https://www.facebook.com/humansofhome/) [Newsletters](/newsletters) [My
Voice](/my-voice) [Home Academy](/home-academy-1) [Advocacy](/exclusives)
[HOME in the News](/news) [Letters to the Press](/letters-to-the-press)
[Statements](/statements) [Research](/research) [Contact](/contact)

[ ![HOME ](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a12725612abd96b9c737354/1512006074840-DDTG0JDU6HZ72GX7KSO9/HOME+Logo.jpg?format=1500w)
](/)

[DONATE](/donate)

# Working And Living Conditions Of Migrant Chinese Construction Workers In
Singapore

Everyday HOME hears from foreign workers anecdotal reports of violations to
their basic working and living conditions. HOME recognises the need to
understand the actual facts of a working population that makes up 85% of the
building and construction industry and have hence designed an empirical
research study to capture the truth. HOME is hence investigating through a
quantitative research study the living and working conditions of Chinese
migrant workers who make up 200, 000 of the 300,000 foreign working population
in building and construction. Despite their apparent protection under
Singaporean labor laws, the working violations reported to HOME have included
deception with recruitment fees leaving workers paying off debts for a long
period of employment, withholding payments and late payments, forced
signatures on documents that are not understood or translated, withholding
relevant employment information (including payslips, leave entitlements),
pressure to work on rest days and the confiscation of personal documents
including one’s passport. The violations in living conditions include the lack
of adequate ventilation, electricity, lack of running water and overcrowded
living spaces. These violations inhibit migrant workers’ ability to seek
justice in order to improve their situation and leave them vulnerable to
exploitation. It appears that without accurate information, Singaporeans are
not aware of the realities of working in the construction and building
industry. There is not a united voice for these workers and therefore they
have no power to demand equal rights.

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a12725612abd96b9c737354/7aeaa5d8-0795-49bc-
ab7f-2076047d295f/Screenshot+2023-08-28+at+3.15.46+PM.png)

_*Image taken from The Straits Times for illustration purposes only_

The ‘Sustainable Population For A Dynamic Singapore’ whitepaper (2013)
stipulates that foreign workers are a required sector of the Singaporean
workforce in order for Singaporeans to be able to enjoy a good quality of
life. “As Singaporeans upgrade themselves into higher-skilled jobs, more of
the lower-skilled jobs will have to be done by foreigners” reported the
population plan for Singapore. Despite the need for foreign workers, the
report stated that Singapore does not want to “be overwhelmed by more foreign
workers than we can absorb” as the island cannot accommodate too many and they
will depress wages and reduce the incentive for firms to up skill their staff
and raise productivity. They fear as the workforce growth starts to plateau by
2020, using local resources better is the only way to sustain the economy.
Singapore is hence caught in a double bind, requiring the assistance of
foreign workers yet not wanting these workers to affect the general workforce.
It is therefore important to understand what this population are experiencing
and ensure their basic rights are addressed for the benefit of Singapore’s
future. It also explains the potential lack of adequate focus on this working
population.

In order to gain a better understanding and to raise public awareness of the
situation for migrant workers, data is currently being collected with another
100 surveys before we reach our 400 person sample. As each questionnaire must
be entered we are calling on volunteers with experience in SPSS to help us
enter the data to find out the true experiences

[HOME](/my-voice?author=5a1272516f935e897ee6d74b)February 5, 2015

[ Facebook0
](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.home.org.sg%2Fmy-
voice%2F2023%2F8%2F28%2Fworking-and-living-conditions-of-migrant-chinese-
construction-workers-in-singapore)[ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.home.org.sg%2Fmy-
voice%2F2023%2F8%2F28%2Fworking-and-living-conditions-of-migrant-chinese-
construction-workers-in-singapore&text=)[ Pinterest0
](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/link/?description=&media=https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a12725612abd96b9c737354/1693206983312-SLL8M6RRWPH1B9D4NC0H/Screenshot+2023-08-28+at+3.15.46+PM.png&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.home.org.sg%2Fmy-
voice%2F2023%2F8%2F28%2Fworking-and-living-conditions-of-migrant-chinese-
construction-workers-in-singapore) 0 Likes

[ Previous

#### Going Beyong Cross-Cultural Communication

HOMEFebruary 14, 2015 ](/my-voice/2023/8/28/going-beyong-cross-cultural-
communication) [ Next

#### No Choice But To Return Home

HOMEFebruary 2, 2015 ](/my-voice/2023/8/28/no-choice-but-to-return-home)

### Sign up to receive HOME's newsletter

Email Address

Sign Up

**Your email has been added. Thank you!**

[Terms & Conditions](/terms-conditions)

Copyright Humanitarian Organization for Migration Economics 2018 © | Website
by [delilah creative](http://www.delilahcreative.com)

