You are using a version of browser which will not be supported after 27 May
2018. To continue to transact with MOM securely, please follow [these
steps](http://www.mom.gov.sg/faq/eservices/how-do-i-enable-tls-for-web-
browsers ) to enable the Transport Layer Security (TLS) of your web browser,
or upgrade to the latest version of your browser.

  

Skip to main content

[Ministry of Manpower Homepage](/ "Ministry of Manpower")

[About us](/about-us) ![](/html/mom/images/branding/mom-logo-print.png)

Menu

[ ![Work passes](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/icon-passes-
permits.png)Work passes](/passes-and-permits) [ ![Employment
practices](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/icon-employment-
practices.png)Employment practices](/employment-practices) [ ![Workplace
safety and health](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/icon-workplace-
safety.png)Workplace safety and health](/workplace-safety-and-health) [
![Statistics and publications](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/icon-
statistics.png)Statistics and publications](http://stats.mom.gov.sg)
[![eServices](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-
page/eservices.png)eServices](/eservices)
[![Calculators](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/icon-
calculator.png)Calculators](/eservices/calculators)
[![Forms](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-page/forms.png)Forms](/forms)
[![Newsroom](/-/media/mom/files/images/home-
page/newsroom.png)Newsroom](/newsroom)

Search

[Sector-specific rules](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-
worker/sector-specific-rules) [Home](/ "Home") [Work passes](/passes-and-
permits "Work passes")[Work Permit for migrant worker](/passes-and-
permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker "Work Permit for migrant
worker")[Sector-specific rules](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-
worker/sector-specific-rules "Sector-specific rules")[Medical
insurance](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-
rules/medical-insurance "Medical insurance")

Select zoneAll All Newsroom Work passes and permits Workplace safety and
health Employment practices eServices Forms Employment agencies Related
questions

Search query Clear search

Search

Close search

PH pay, COMPASS, Primary Care Plan, myMOM Portal, paying salary, annual leave

#  Medical insurance requirements for migrant workers

You must buy and maintain medical insurance (MI) for each migrant worker you
employ. The insurance cost cannot be passed on to your workers. You also need
to submit the insurance details online before the Work Permit can be issued.

## What it should cover

As an employer, you must buy and maintain MI with coverage for inpatient care
and day surgery, including hospital bills for conditions that may not be work-
related. The coverage for each Work Permit holder has to be **at least** :

  * (For policies with start date effective **before** 1 July 2023) $15,000 per year
  * (For policies with start date effective **on or after** 1 July 2023) $60,000 per year

### Enhanced MI

Since **1 July 2023** , we have [enhanced the minimum MI
required](/newsroom/press-releases/2023/0331-implementation-of-enhanced-
medical-insurance-for-foreign-employees-to-better-support-employers) for all
new and existing Work Permit holders (including migrant domestic workers). The
enhanced MI will better protect employers against large medical bills incurred
by your workers, and will be implemented in two stages as shown in the table
below.

Engage [insurers offering the enhanced MI](/-/media/mom/documents/work-passes-
and-permits/insurers-offering-enhanced-mi-products.pdf) early to understand
the products available. We encourage you to buy an MI with all the enhanced
requirements early for better peace of mind.

To implement for MI policies, renewals or extensions with start date effective
from | Enhanced MI requirements  
---|---  
1 July 2023 (Stage 1) | Higher annual claim limit of at least $60,000, with a
co-payment of 75% by insurers and 25% by employers for claim amounts above
$15,000.  
  
1 July 2025 (Stage 2) |

  * Standardisation of allowable exclusion clauses
  * Introduction of age-differentiated premiums for those aged 50 and below, and those aged above 50
  * Requirement for insurers to reimburse hospitals directly upon the admissibility of the claim

  
  
You do not need to buy MI if the Work Permit holder is also holding a
Dependant’s Pass and already has an MI plan that meets the minimum coverage
required for Work Permit holders. The insurance plan must cover the full
period of the Work Permit validity.

You can have a **co-pay arrangement** with the Work Permit holder (excluding
migrant domestic workers) for their medical bills, only if all of the
following are met:

  * The co-pay amount is reasonable and does not exceed 10% of the worker’s fixed monthly salary.
  * The duration of co-payment does not exceed 6 months (for every 2 years of employment).
  * The co-payment option is explicitly in the employment contract or collective agreement and has the worker’s full consent. 

## Submit insurance details

You need to submit MI details online before you request to issue or renew a
Work Permit, and when the details change.

To update the information, log in to [WP Online](/eservices/services/wp-
online-for-businesses-and-employment-agencies).

You need to keep the following information up to date:

  * Name of insurer
  * Insurance policy number
  * Insurance policy commencement date
  * Insurance policy expiry date

[What's next

 __Medical examination

](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-
rules/medical-examination)

Share this page [Share this page on
facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=http://www.mom.gov.sg/passes-
and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/medical-
insurance)[Tweet this page](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Medical
insurance requirements for migrant workers&url=http://www.mom.gov.sg/passes-
and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/medical-
insurance&via=MOM_sg&hashtags=fwmi)[Email this page](mailto:?subject=Medical
insurance requirements for migrant workers&body=http://www.mom.gov.sg/passes-
and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/medical-
insurance)Print this page

Last Updated: 12 July 2023

## __Related questions

  * [Do I need to buy a new enhanced medical insurance (as announced by MOM on 31 March 2023) for my Work Permit or S Pass holders if they already have an existing policy? If so, when must I do this?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/for-ers-with-existing-mi-policies-is-there-cutoff-date-to-transit-to-enhanced-mi-reqmts)
  * [Are the enhanced medical insurance (MI) requirements announced by MOM on 31 March 2023 compulsory?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/are-the-enhanced-medical-insurance-requirements-compulsory)
  * [ How would I be affected by the enhanced medical insurance requirements announced by MOM on 31 March 2023?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/how-would-i-be-affected-by-the-enhanced-mi-requirements-announced-by-mom-on-31-mar-2023)
  * [Where can I buy medical insurance for migrant workers?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/where-can-i-buy-medical-insurance-for-foreign-workers)
  * [How can I guarantee that the medical insurance (MI) for migrant worker or MDW meets MOM's requirements?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/how-can-i-guarantee-that-the-medical-insurance-for-foreign-worker-or-fdw-meets-moms-requirements)
  * [If my migrant worker has an individual insurance plan that meets MOM's requirements, do I still need to buy medical insurance?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/if-my-foreign-worker-has-an-individual-insurance-plan-that-meets-moms-requirements-do-i-still-need-to-buy-medical-insurance)
  * [Does MOM accept medical insurance policies bought overseas?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/does-mom-accept-medical-insurance-policies-bought-overseas)
  * [Can employers buy riders or plans that offer 100% buyback of the 25% co-payment component by employers?](/faq/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/can-employers-buy-riders-or-plans-that-offer-buyback-of-the-25p-copayment-component-by-ers)

##  __ More on Sector-specific rules for Work Permit

  * [Work Permit conditions](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/work-permit-conditions)
  * [Non-Traditional Sources Occupation List](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/non-traditional-sources-occupation-list)
  * [Construction sector requirements](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/construction-sector-requirements)
  * [Manufacturing sector requirements](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/manufacturing-sector-requirements)
  * [Marine shipyard sector requirements](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/marine-sector-requirements)
  * [Process sector requirements](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/process-sector-requirements)
  * [Settling-in Programme for Work Permit holders](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/settling-in-programme)
  * [Services sector requirements](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/services-sector-requirements)
  * [Man-year entitlement](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/man-year-entitlement)
  * [Prior approval for process construction workers](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/prior-approval-for-process-construction-workers)
  * [Prior approval for marine shipyard sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/prior-approval-for-marine-shipyard-sector)
  * [Prior approval for construction sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/prior-approval-for-construction-sector)
  * [In-principle support (IPS) for process maintenance workers](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/in-principle-support-ips-for-process-maintenance-workers)
  * [Basic-skilled workers for construction sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/basic-skilled-workers)

  * [Higher-Skilled workers for construction sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/higher-skilled-workers-for-construction-sector)
  * [Higher-skilled workers for process sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/higher-skilled-workers-for-process-sector)
  * [Security bond](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/security-bond)
  * [Medical examination](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/medical-examination)
  * [In-principle approval (IPA) for migrant worker](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/in-principle-approval)
  * [Paying the salary](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/paying-the-salary)
  * [Six-monthly medical examination for female migrant workers](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/six-monthly-medical-examination)
  * [Hiring existing worker for construction sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/hiring-existing-worker-in-construction-sector)
  * [Hiring existing worker in marine shipyard sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/hiring-existing-worker-in-marine-shipyard-sector)
  * [Hiring existing worker in process sector](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/hiring-existing-worker-in-process-sector)
  * [Hiring an existing manufacturing or services worker](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/hiring-an-existing-manufacturing-or-services-worker)
  * [Cross-deploy a worker](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/cross-deploy-a-worker)
  * [Driving occupations in the construction, marine shipyard and process sectors](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/driving-occupations-in-the-construction-marine-shipyard-and-process-sectors)
  * [Onboard centre](/passes-and-permits/work-permit-for-foreign-worker/sector-specific-rules/onboard-centre)

## Information and Services

[Ministry of Manpower](http://www.mom.gov.sg "Ministry of Manpower")

## Social media

[About us](/about-us) [Careers](/careers)
[Feedback](https://service2.mom.gov.sg/efeedback/Forms/efeedback.aspx) [Share
your views @ Reach](https://www.reach.gov.sg)

[Ministry of Manpower Facebook
page](https://www.facebook.com/sgministryofmanpower "Find us on Facebook")[
Ministry of Manpower LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ministry-
of-manpower/ "Find us on LinkedIn")[ Ministry of Manpower
Telegram](https://t.me/sgministryofmanpower "Find us on Telegram")[ Ministry
of Manpower youtube channel](http://www.youtube.com/user/MOMsingapore "View
our YouTube Channel")

  * [Report vulnerability](https://tech.gov.sg/report_vulnerability)
  * [Privacy](/privacy-statement)
  * [Terms of use](/terms-of-use)
  * [Legislation](/legislation)
  * [Sitemap](/sitemap)
  * [Contact us](/contact-us)
  * [Supported browsers ](/supportedbrowsers)

  
  

  * © 2023 Government of Singapore
  * 

