Skip to content

[ ![TWC2 Logo](https://twc2.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/header-
logo-2.png) ![TWC2 Logo](https://twc2.org.sg/wp-
content/uploads/2019/06/header-logo-2.png) ](https://twc2.org.sg/)

###

[DONATE](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/donate/)

[VOLUNTEER](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/volunteer/)

[DONATE](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/donate/)

[VOLUNTEER](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/volunteer/)

Search for:

Search for:

  * [Who We Are __](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/)
    * [The Cause](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/cause/)
    * [ Vision & Mission](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/vision-mission/)
    * [Organisation](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/organisation/)
    * [People](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/people-2/)
    * [Annual Reports](https://twc2.org.sg/who-we-are/annual-reports/)
  * [What We Do __](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/)
    * [Advocacy](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/advocacy/)
    * [ Research](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/research/)
    * [Social Work](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/social-work/)
    * [The Cuff Road Project](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/the-cuff-road-project/)
    * [Care Fund Programmes](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/care-fund-programmes/)
    * [Discover Singapore](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-do/discover-singapore/)
  * [Articles __](https://twc2.org.sg/articles/)
    * [Stories](https://twc2.org.sg/articles/stories/)
    * [ Happenings](https://twc2.org.sg/articles/happenings/)
    * [Facts, Research, Analysis](https://twc2.org.sg/articles/facts-research-analysis/)
  * [News __](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/)
    * [Our Stand](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/our-stand/)
    * [ Press Releases](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/press-releases/)
    * [News Flash](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/news-flash/)
    * [Media Coverage](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/media-coverage/)
    * [Newsletters](https://twc2.org.sg/articles-cloned/newsletters/)
  * [Lexicon __](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-say/)
    * [Glossary](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-say/glossary/)
    * [ Chinese Terms](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-say/chinese-terms/)
    * [Censorship](https://twc2.org.sg/what-we-say/censorship/)
  * [Get Involved __](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/)
    * [Donate](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/donate/)
    * [ Where Your Dollars Went (2022)](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/where-your-dollars-went-2022/)
    * [Volunteer](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/volunteer/)
    * [Intern With Us](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/intern-with-us/)
    * [Join As Member](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/join-as-member/)
    * [Personal Data Protection Policy](https://twc2.org.sg/getinvolved/personal-data-protection-policy/)
  * [Find Us](https://twc2.org.sg/find-us-2/)
  * [![](https://twc2.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/lang-180x43.png)Languages __](https://twc2.org.sg/info-for-clients/)
    * [中文](/basic-info-chinese/)
    * [ தமிழ்](/basic-info-tamil/)
    * [বাংলা](/basic-info-bengali/)
    * [Tiếng Việt](/info-for-clients/basic-info-vietnamese/)
    * [မြန်မာဘာသာ](/info-for-clients/basic-info-burmese/)
    * [हिंदी](/info-for-clients/basic-info-hindi/)
    * [తెలుగు](/info-for-clients/basic-info-telugu/)
    * [Filipino](/info-for-clients-2021/basic-info-filipino/)
    * [B.Indonesia](/info-for-clients-2021/basic-info-indonesian/)
    * [සිංහල](/info-for-clients-2021/basic-info-sinhala/)
    * [ਪੰਜਾਬੀ](/info-for-clients-2021/basic-info-punjabi/)

Search for:

# Why do Bangladeshis choose to work in Singapore?

[webmaster](https://twc2.org.sg/author/webmaster/ "Posts by
webmaster")2023-09-11T07:28:17+08:00September 5th,
2023|[Articles](https://twc2.org.sg/category/articles/),
[Stories](https://twc2.org.sg/category/articles/stories/)|

![](https://twc2.org.sg/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/airport_arrivals_5458b.jpg)

_They look like migrant workers in the queue for passport control_

_By TWC2 volunteer Larenz_

Growing up, I always knew that Singapore had foreign migrant workers who were
coming here to make a living, and to provide for their families. But I never
had a chance to have a conversation with them and to find out how their
journey was like. So I am grateful to have a big opportunity to chat with them
while volunteering with TWC2.

Alex, TWC2’s vice-president, and I sit down at a table with two Bangladeshi
workers who are visiting TWC2’s Cuff Road Project for dinner.

Ashid, who is 25 years old (the same age as me!), works for an electrical
subcontractor. He has been working in Singapore for seven years. The other
worker, Lichon, is 23 years old and he has been working in Singapore for three
years. Both men left their homeland at a young age to work here. We ask them
questions about themselves, why they had to leave their country to work and
why they chose Singapore as their destination.

### Education

Both Ashid and Lichon had about 12 years’ schooling and obtained their Higher
Secondary School (HSC) certificate (an A-Level equivalent) in Bangladesh. I am
taken aback and feel ashamed at myself for thinking that the reason foreign
workers take up the unglamourous jobs in Singapore is because they do not have
an “advanced education”. They are equally capable to do the jobs that I can
do! But if they are well-educated, why did they want to leave their homes and
families to work?

### Bleak realities

In their HSC cohorts of about 100 students, Ashid and Lichon estimates that
twenty percent of them have left the country for employment abroad. Getting
local jobs after leaving school is very difficult, they say, with money
demanded from applicants. They share the shocking fact that “all jobs must
pay, even government job”.

Lichon also laments that succesful candidates may not be chosen on merit.
“Boss see who he like and many money he will take”. He explains that if the
job’s salary is higher, so will the asking price be. As he neatly summarises,
“job little bit pay you pay less easier get; job many pay you pay more.”

That makes getting employment in Bangladesh tricky, and I can definitely see a
strong case for leaving the country for more secure and lucrative work
opportunities.

Ashid also shares that he previously worked in shopping mall security in
Bangladesh for 20,000 Bangladeshi taka a month (about $300 at the exchange
rate then). Lichon, on the other hand, was not so fortunate. He did not manage
to get a job after his HSC despite the “investments”.

Ashid continues, “I working money all is go into family eating and house, no
more left, nothing.” His point is that salaries in Bangladesh are so low, he
was not able to save up for anything.

We talk about the possibility of two-income familes next. But Ashid explains
that in Bangladesh it is part of the culture for women to take up the role of
a housewife after marriage. And it’s not up to her to decide; it is up to the
husband to decide if his wife may go out to work.

### Overseas opportunities

The path of exiting the country for a better future is one that has been well-
trodden. Both Ashid and Lichon share proudly that they have brothers, cousins
and uncles who are working and studying all over the world such as Singapore,
Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Dubai and Japan. In fact, in Lichon’s case, his
uncle was the one who brought him into Singapore.

Alex asks, “How much did you pay to come to Singapore?” I am taken aback. It’s
not as if choosing to work abroad is a way to avoid having to pay for a local
job, for even working abroad involves payment.

Both Ashid and Lichon reply that they paid in the region of “six lakhs” (i.e.
600,000 taka, or about $7,000) — three lakhs for their short basic skills
training course and three lakhs to the agent. But Ashid is quick to add that
today, the rates are higher. “This one is my time rate, now need eleven lakh
to agent to come Singapore.”

The prices to go to different countries vary. For instance, it only costs
three lakhs today to find work in the UAE or Malaysia, he notes.

Other than the agent cost, prospective migrant workers have to meet certain
requirements in order to be accepted by the destination country, and the
requirements differ from one country to another. Ashid shares that he has a
cousin working in Japan; he had to learn Japanese in order to do the job.

Like most migrant workers, they had to take loans to pay their training
centres and their agents. They share how some people can take up to ten years
to completely repay the loan though they themselves have been fortunate, doing
so within two years.

### Preferences

Alex then asks them to rank eight destination countries in order of
preference.

Ashid’s preference ranking of other destination countries (Lichon’s rankings
are similar):

  1. Japan
  2. Singapore
  3. Malaysia
  4. UAE
  5. Saudi Arabia
  6. Qatar
  7. China
  8. Korea

Interestingly, Singapore and Japan take the top spots despite being the most
expensive and, according to these two guys, having long waiting times for
employment processing. Lichon remarks, “I got many friends everywhere. They
tell me Singapore rules very good. Japan best salary.” These factors –
security and income – are the most important.

The Gulf states and Malaysia rank in the middle, while China and Korea are the
least preferred.

Alex had cheekily added China as an option even though it does not import
labour in any significant way.

“I wanted to see if either of them pointed this fact out,” he explains. “They
didn’t, which tells me that their opinions about the top four or five
countries come from what they’ve heard from their social and family circles,
and they may know very little about the rest when no one in their circles is
talking about them.”

Alex continues: “South Korea is also a very safe country, paying very well
compared to Singapore, and yet, for lack of knowledge, they ranked it at the
bottom.”

### Dreams

Ashid wants to work here for 10 to 15 years before returning home to his
family. Lichon has no plans as of now. They also expressed a sentiment that
Europe is the dream destination they will want to move to if possible. They
speak of Europe as “very beautiful, very nice,” but also mention something
about being able to bring their families with them.

Alex then asks a reflective question, “How will Bangladesh develop if so many
people leave?”

There is no answer. But it is clear enough by now that this intense desire to
leave their country may also be a sign that they have also lost hope in their
homeland.

#### Share This Post With Others!

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2F2023%2F09%2F05%2Fwhy-
do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-
singapore%2F&t=Why%20do%20Bangladeshis%20choose%20to%20work%20in%20Singapore%3F
"Facebook")[Twitter](https://twitter.com/share?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2F2023%2F09%2F05%2Fwhy-
do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-
singapore%2F&text=Why%20do%20Bangladeshis%20choose%20to%20work%20in%20Singapore%3F
"Twitter")[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2F2023%2F09%2F05%2Fwhy-
do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-
singapore%2F&title=Why%20do%20Bangladeshis%20choose%20to%20work%20in%20Singapore%3F&summary=They%20look%20like%20migrant%20workers%20in%20the%20queue%20for%20passport%20control%20%20%0D%0A%0D%0ABy%20TWC2%20volunteer%20Larenz%20%0D%0A%0D%0AGrowing%20up%2C%20I%20always%20knew%20that%20Singapore%20had%20foreign%20migrant%20workers%20who%20were%20coming%20here%20to%20make%20a%20living%2C%20and%20to%20provide%20for%20their%20families.%20But%20I%20never%20ha
"LinkedIn")[WhatsApp](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?text=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2F2023%2F09%2F05%2Fwhy-
do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-singapore%2F
"WhatsApp")[Pinterest](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2F2023%2F09%2F05%2Fwhy-
do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-
singapore%2F&description=They%20look%20like%20migrant%20workers%20in%20the%20queue%20for%20passport%20control%20%20%0D%0A%0D%0ABy%20TWC2%20volunteer%20Larenz%20%0D%0A%0D%0AGrowing%20up%2C%20I%20always%20knew%20that%20Singapore%20had%20foreign%20migrant%20workers%20who%20were%20coming%20here%20to%20make%20a%20living%2C%20and%20to%20provide%20for%20their%20families.%20But%20I%20never%20had%20a%20chance%20to%20have%20a%20conversation&media=https%3A%2F%2Ftwc2.org.sg%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2023%2F08%2Fairport_arrivals_5458b_ficon.jpg
"Pinterest")[Email](/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#c2fda0ada6bbffaab6b6b2b1f8ededb6b5a1f0ecadb0a5ecb1a5edf0f2f0f1edf2fbedf2f7edb5aabbefa6adefa0a3aca5aea3a6a7b1aaabb1efa1aaadadb1a7efb6adefb5adb0a9efabacefb1abaca5a3b2adb0a7ede4a3afb2f9b1b7a0a8a7a1b6ff95aabbe7f0f2a6ade7f0f280a3aca5aea3a6a7b1aaabb1e7f0f2a1aaadadb1a7e7f0f2b6ade7f0f2b5adb0a9e7f0f2abace7f0f291abaca5a3b2adb0a7e7f184
"Email")

#### Recent Posts

  * [How filing a salary claim is like going to a casino](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/10/28/how-filing-a-salary-claim-is-like-going-to-a-casino/) 28 October 2023
  * [Lunch with Heart – help us give migrant workers a treat this December](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/10/26/lunch-with-heart-help-us-give-migrant-workers-a-treat-this-december/) 26 October 2023
  * [Thoughtless zoning and a dorm in the middle of nowhere](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/10/10/thoughtless-zoning-and-a-dorm-in-the-middle-of-nowhere/) 10 October 2023
  * [After a worker is hurt, all goes smoothly until…](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/09/10/after-a-worker-is-hurt-all-goes-smoothly-until/) 10 September 2023
  * [Why do Bangladeshis choose to work in Singapore?](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/09/05/why-do-bangladeshis-choose-to-work-in-singapore/) 5 September 2023
  * [Work injury paralegal taken to court over insurance monies](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/09/01/work-injury-paralegal-taken-to-court-over-insurance-monies/) 1 September 2023
  * [“One room sleeping 26 man”](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/08/27/one-room-sleeping-26-man/) 27 August 2023
  * [Getting sick can cost more than just five dollars](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/08/25/getting-sick-can-cost-more-than-just-five-dollars/) 25 August 2023
  * [After a worker is hurt, the mirage of a supportive employer](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/08/18/after-a-worker-is-hurt-the-mirage-of-a-supportive-employer/) 18 August 2023
  * [Payslips law widely flouted, hardly any enforcement](https://twc2.org.sg/2023/08/14/payslips-law-widely-flouted-hardly-any-enforcement/) 14 August 2023

#### Tags

[Abuse & bullying](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/abuse-bullying/) [Accident
reporting](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/accident-cover-up/)
[Advocacy](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/advocacy/)
[Confinement](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/confinement/) [Criminal
charges](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/criminal-charges/) [Domestic
work](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/domestic/)
[Donations](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/donations/) [Economics of
migration](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/economics-of-migration/)
[ECT](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/ect/) [Family](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/family/)
[featured](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/featured/)
[Food](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/food/) [Forced
repatriation](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/forced-repatriation/)
[Housing](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/housing/)
[Illness](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/illness/) [Job
mobility](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/job-mobility/)
[Kickback](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/kickback/) [Labour
court](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/labour-court/) [Labour
relations](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/labour-relations/) [Laws &
regulations](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/laws-regulations/)
[Lawyers](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/lawyers/) [MC & light
duty](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/mc-light-duty/) [MC
wages](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/mc-wages/) [Media
interest](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/media-interest/) [Medical
costs](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/medical-costs/) [Medical
interaction](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/medical-interaction/) [Medical
treatment](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/medical-treatment/) [MOM
processes](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/mom-processes/) [Placement agents &
fees](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/placement-agents-fees/) [Police
processes](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/police-processes/) [Politics and
policies](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/politics-and-policies/)
[Recruitment](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/recruitment/) [Repatriation
agents](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/repatriation-agents/) [Rest
day](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/rest-day/) [Salary &
deduction](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/salary-deduction/) [Society &
socialisation](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/society-socialisation/) [Survey &
statistics](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/survey-statistics/)
[TADM](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/tadm/)
[Trafficking](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/trafficking/)
[Training](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/training/)
[Transfer](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/transfer/)
[Volunteers](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/volunteers/) [WICA & medical
insurance](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/wica-medical-insurance/) [WICA
validity](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/wica-validity/) [Work
safety](https://twc2.org.sg/tag/work-safety/)

[![](https://twc2.sg/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/header-
logo-2.png)](http://twc2.sg/)

  * __

[facebook.com/twc2sg ](https://www.facebook.com/twc2sg/)

  * __

[instagram.com/twc2sg ](https://www.instagram.com/twc2sg/?hl=en)

  * __

[twitter.com/twc2sg ](https://twitter.com/twc2sg?lang=en)

#### Make a Difference

It takes only a few seconds

[Donate](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/donate/)

[Volunteer](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/volunteer/)

[DONATE](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/donate/)

[VOLUNTEER](http://twc2.sg/getinvolved/volunteer/)

© 2023 Transient Workers Count too. [Website crafted by Pixel
Mechanics](/digital-agency)

Page load link

Go to Top

