| Parliament No:| 12  
---|---  
Session No:| 1  
Volume No:| 89  
Sitting No:| 8  
Sitting Date:| 15-10-2012  
Section Name:| Second Reading Bills  
Title:| Personal Data Protection Bill  
MPs Speaking:| Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim Assoc
Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim, Mr Zaqy Mohamad (Chua Chu Kang), Mr David Ong
(Jurong), Ms Jessica Tan Soon Neo (East Coast), Mr Speaker, Ms Low Yen Ling
(Chua Chu Kang), Asst Prof Tan Kheng Boon Eugene, Ms Tan Su Shan (Nominated
Member), Mr Chen Show Mao (Aljunied), Mr Desmond Lee (Jurong), Assoc Prof
Fatimah Lateef (Marine Parade), Mr Teo Siong Seng (Nominated Member), Mr Ang
Wei Neng (Jurong), Mr Patrick Tay Teck Guan (Nee Soon), Mr R Dhinakaran
(Nominated Member), Mr Lim Biow Chuan (Mountbatten), Mr Gan Thiam Poh (Pasir
Ris-Punggol), Mr Charles Chong  
  
# Personal Data Protection Bill

Order for Second Reading read.

3.10 pm

**Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim** : Mr Speaker, Sir, I beg to move, âThat the
Bill be now read a Second timeâ. Sir, today, vast amounts of personal data
are collected, used and transferred for a variety of reasons. This trend is
expected to grow exponentially as infocomm technologies like high-speed
computing and business analytics enable the processing of large amounts of
personal data. A data protection regime to govern the collection, use and
disclosure of personal data is necessary to address individualsâ growing
concerns over the use of their personal data and to maintain individualsâ
trust in organisations that manage data.

To date, Singapore has adopted a sectoral approach to data protection. There
are numerous Acts within the public sector that contain statutory secrecy and
disclosure provisions to regulate the collection, use and disclosure of
information by public agencies and their officials in carrying out their
statutory functions. Within the private sector, specific provisions in various
sector-specific laws protect personal data, such as financial and health data.
There are also industry codes of practice on data protection, such as the
Model Data Protection Code released in 2002, for voluntary adoption by the
private sector. However, as current sectoral frameworks are disparate, there
is a need for a general data protection framework to ensure a baseline
standard of protection for individualsâ personal data across the economy.

The personal data protection law will safeguard individualsâ personal data
against misuse by regulating the proper management of personal data.
Individuals will be informed of the purposes for which organisations are
collecting, using or disclosing their personal data, giving individuals more
control over how their personal data is used. A data protection law will also
enhance Singaporeâs competitiveness and strengthen our position as a trusted
business hub. It will put Singapore on par with the growing list of countries
that have enacted data protection laws and facilitate cross-border transfers
of data.

Sir, let me now elaborate on the proposed Personal Data Protection Bill. In
formulating the Bill, we have sought to balance individualsâ interests with
the need to keep compliance costs manageable for organisations. We have also
sought to ensure that Singaporeâs data protection regime is relevant and in
line with international standards for data protection. To this end, my
Ministry has studied the data protection frameworks in key jurisdictions,
including Canada, New Zealand, Hong Kong and the European Union, to develop
the most suitable model for Singapore. In addition, references were made to
international guidelines, such as the OECD Guidelines on the Protection of
Privacy and Transborder Flows of Personal Data, and the APEC Privacy
Framework.

The Bill has also incorporated relevant feedback and suggestions received from
three rounds of public consultation conducted over the past year. Close to
1,900 responses were received from individuals and organisations, and we took
them into consideration when reviewing the draft law. In particular, we have
sought to address organisationsâ concerns about potential compliance costs,
while maintaining a suitable level of protection for individuals.

Mr Speaker, Sir, I will now outline the key aspects of the Bill. The Bill
provides a framework for the protection of personal data, which refers to data
that relates to an identifiable individual, whether the data is stored in
electronic or non-electronic form.

The framework will apply to all organisations with certain exceptions. For
example, the data protection rules in Parts III to VI will not apply to public
agencies and organisations acting on behalf of a public agency in relation to
the collection, use or disclosure of the personal data. Some public agencies
collect data where necessary to carry out their regulatory and statutory
functions effectively. To ensure that the data is properly managed and
protected, the public sector has its own set of data protection rules that are
based broadly on the same data protection principles as the Personal Data
Protection law. In some cases, these rules are even stricter than the
requirements under the Personal Data Protection law. Some Acts also contain
statutory provisions which regulate the collection, use and disclosure of
information by the public sector. Together, these ensure that public agencies
and officials are accountable for meeting strict requirements to ensure the
confidentiality of personal data in their care.

Recognising that not all organisations have the same degree of control over
personal data, the Bill provides certain exceptions for organisations referred
to as âdata intermediariesâ.

A data intermediary is an organisation that processes personal data on behalf
of another organisation. The Bill provides for such organisations to be
subject only to obligations for the care and retention of personal data that
they process on behalf of another organisation, pursuant to a written
contract.

The Bill is intended to apply concurrently with other laws and regulations
enacted in Singapore. Organisations regulated by sector-specific laws and
regulations today will thus continue to comply with the requirements under
current laws and regulations as well as the Bill going forward. To avoid
inconsistency between the Personal Data Protection law and sector-specific
regimes, clause 4, subsection 6 of the Bill provides that Parts III to VI will
not override other sector-specific laws and regulations, or anything imposed
or expressly permitted by the law. The provisions of other written laws shall
prevail where there is any inconsistency.

Part III of the Bill sets out the general responsibilities of an organisation
for the personal data it holds or controls. Part IV sets out specific rules
relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal data, while Parts V
and VI relate to access and correction, and care of personal data
respectively. Sir, these rules are based on the principles of obtaining
consent, specifying purpose, and reasonableness.

In general, an organisation can only collect, use or disclose the personal
data of an individual with the individualâs consent, and for a reasonable
purpose which the organisation has made known to the individual. An
organisation is also required to provide individuals access to their personal
data and consider requests to correct the personal data it holds or controls.
In relation to care of personal data, the Bill sets out obligations for
ensuring the accuracy of personal data, the protection and retention of
personal data, and the transfer of personal data out of Singapore.

Sir, I will now elaborate on the provisions governing consent. Clauses 13 to
16 provide that an organisation may only collect, use or disclose an
individualâs personal data if consent is given, or deemed to be given, by
the individual for purposes specified by the organisation, unless exceptions
apply. Consent is not considered valid if obtained by false or misleading
means. In addition, organisations may not impose terms and conditions
requiring the individual to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of
personal data beyond what is reasonable to provide the product or service to
the individual.

While organisations are generally required to obtain consent, we recognise
that it may not be practical for consent to be obtained in every situation.
Clause 15 of the Bill provides for consent to be deemed when the individual
voluntarily provides the personal data for a purpose, in a situation where it
is reasonable for him to do so. For example, a person provides his personal
data when registering with a clinic to seek medical treatment. It would be
reasonable to deem that the person has given consent for the clinic to use his
personal data for purposes related to his medical treatment at the clinic, and
there is no need for the clinic to seek his consent in such situations. The
provision for deemed consent enables organisations to collect, use or disclose
personal data for reasonable purposes in situations where the individual need
not give consent.

Even after consent has been given or deemed, clause 16 of the Bill provides
that the individual may withdraw his consent, with reasonable notice provided
to the organisation. It also spells out an organisationâs obligations in
relation to an individualâs withdrawal of consent.

The Bill also provides for situations where collection, use and disclosure of
personal data may take place without consent. These situations are listed in
the Second, Third and Fourth Schedules respectively. These are typically
purpose-based exceptions based on international practice. For example,
personal data may be collected, used, or disclosed without consent where
necessary for investigations, or where necessary to respond to an emergency
that threatens the life, health or safety of an individual.

Recognising that there is a legitimate need for artists and news organisations
to be able to carry out their artistic or news activities without undue
impediments, the Bill provides for collection without consent for artistic and
literary purposes, and for news activities by news organisations.

Sir, at this juncture, I would like to highlight that I will be moving a
Notice of Amendment after this in the Committee stage. The amendment will
provide a clear definition for what constitutes ânews activitiesâ and
ânews organisationsâ, to which clause 1(h) of the Second Schedule applies.
The intent of clause 1(h) is to enable the legitimate collection of personal
data without consent in the course of news gathering activities by
organisations that are in the business of news. It is not intended to give all
other organisations the unfettered ability to collect and publish a personâs
personal data under the guise of ânews reportingâ. This is to provide
members of the public some measure of protection from potential misuse and
unwarranted publishing of personal data.

The Bill also permits the collection, use or disclosure of personal data
without consent where the data is generally available to the public. This
would include personal data that can be observed by reasonably expected means
at a public location or event at which a person voluntarily appears. The
intent is not to unduly limit activities performed in the public under
reasonable situations, such as photography in public places.

There are also exceptions to the requirements in Part V for organisations to
provide individuals with access to their personal data, as well as to correct
their data. These exceptions, listed in the Fifth and Sixth Schedules, caters
for situations in which the handling of access requests may be overly onerous
or compromise confidential commercial information.

In line with the principle of keeping compliance costs manageable, the Bill
adopts a practical approach to personal data collected before the data
protection rules take effect. Recognising that it may be overly onerous for
organisations to seek fresh consent for all previously collected personal
data, the Bill allows organisations to continue to use such personal data as
long as they are for reasonable existing uses, even if consent was not
previously obtained in accordance with the Personal Data Protection law.
However, organisations must seek consent if they wish to use the personal data
for a different purpose from what it was collected for. Individuals may also
withdraw consent that was given before the law comes into effect.

Sir, for cross-border transfers of personal data, organisations will be
subject to the same data protection requirements in the Bill regardless of
whether the personal data was collected in Singapore, or collected overseas
and subsequently transferred into Singapore. The Bill also allows an
organisation to transfer personal data to an organisation overseas as long as
it ensures a comparable standard of protection for the personal data provided
under the Bill, such as through contractual arrangements.

Sir, let me now move on to the Do Not Call, or DNC, registry. In our public
consultations over the past few months, we have received strong support for a
national DNC registry to address the growing issue of unsolicited
telemarketing calls and messages.

Part IX of the Bill provides for the setting up of a DNC registry.
Organisations in Singapore will be prohibited from sending specified messages
to any Singapore telephone number registered with the registry. A specified
message, which is defined in clause 37, refers to any message for which one of
the purposes relates to marketing. As long as a specified message is addressed
to a Singapore telephone number, the relevant provisions in the Bill will
apply, regardless of how the message was sent. Specified messages that are
sent through smartphone applications, for example, will be covered if the
telephone number was used as an identifier.

Exclusions from the definition of a âspecified messageâ are provided in
the Eighth Schedule. These exclusions are intended to focus the scope of the
DNC registry to telemarketing calls or messages of a commercial nature
targeted at consumers. Examples of messages that are not covered by the DNC
registry include business-to-business marketing messages; messages that
promote charitable, religious or political causes; as well as messages that
promote public agency programmes of a non-commercial nature.

Clause 39 provides for the setting up of one or more registers within the DNC
registry. Three separate registers will be set up: one for phone calls; a
second one for text-based messages, such as SMS and MMS; and a third for
facsimile messages. Organisations will be charged a fee to check against the
DNC registry to filter out numbers that have been registered. This and other
fees will be prescribed in Regulations by the Minister.

Part IX also spells out the obligations on organisations that send a specified
message. Such organisations will be required to check the DNC registry within
a prescribed duration prior to sending a specified message. The intent, Sir,
is to prescribe a duration of 60 days for the first six months of the DNC
registryâs operations, and 30 days thereafter. This is to allow
organisations more time to adapt to the DNC registry requirements at the
onset. Organisations will be prohibited from sending a specified message to
Singapore telephone numbers on the DNC registry, unless the owner of the
telephone number had given clear and unambiguous consent to the organisation
to contact him or her for marketing purposes. Organisations sending a
specified message will also be required to display clear and accurate contact
information of the sender within the message, and will be prohibited from
concealing or withholding their calling line identity as a âPrivate
Numberâ when making a voice call. Failure to comply with any of these
obligations will be an offence.

Sir, I have outlined the key requirements for organisations under the Bill. To
administer and enforce these requirements, Part II of the Bill provides for a
Personal Data Protection Commission, or PDPC, to be set up. The PDPC will
serve as Singaporeâs main authority on matters relating to personal data
protection and will represent the Government internationally on matters
relating to data protection. Given the broad scope of the Bill, the PDPC is
expected to work with relevant sector regulators in exercising its functions,
and take into consideration other existing laws. The PDPC will also undertake
outreach and communications activities to promote awareness of personal data
protection in Singapore. An Advisory Committee will be appointed to advise the
PDPC, and the Infocomm Development Authority (IDA) will be appointed as the
Administration Body to provide administrative support to the PDPC.

The PDPC will be empowered to enforce the data protection rules effectively.
These powers, Sir, are spelt out in Part VII of the Bill. The PDPC will be
able to refer organisations and individuals to mediation with their consent.
It will also be able to review certain actions of organisations in relation to
the data protection rules, and issue decisions or directions for compliance
where necessary. Where it is satisfied that an organisation is not complying
with Part III to Part VI, the PDPC may direct the organisation to remedy the
non-compliance, and financial penalties not exceeding $1 million could be
imposed. The Bill also allows individuals to seek compensation for damages
directly suffered from a breach of the data protection rules through private
rights of action.

While the PDPC will be provided with strong enforcement powers to deal with
serious contraventions, I would like to assure Members that the exercise of
enforcement powers will be measured and reasonable. Clause 31 also provides
avenues for organisations or individuals to request for reconsideration of the
PDPCâs decisions.

Part VIII of the Bill provides for appeals against the PDPCâs decisions.
Appeal Committees will be established from an independent Data Protection
Appeal Panel to hear appeals against the decisions of the PDPC. Further
appeals against the decisions of an Appeal Committee can be made to the High
Court and Court of Appeal, but only on points of law and on the amount of the
financial penalty.

Sir, to allow businesses time to adjust their data management policies and
procedures, we will adopt a phased approach to implementing the personal data
protection law. While members of the public have asked for the DNC registry to
be set up as soon as possible, we recognise that organisations will require
some time to adapt to the new requirements. We will provide a transition
period of 12 months before DNC registry provisions come into force, and a
transition period of 18 months before the data protection rules come into
force. The DNC registry is expected to be ready for registration by members of
the public in early 2014. During the transition period, the PDPC will focus on
education and outreach, and issue advisory guidelines to help organisations
understand the requirements of the law.

Although organisations are given some time to adjust their policies and
practices, they are strongly encouraged to do so as early as possible. It is
important to note that the Bill adopts a principle-based and technology-
neutral approach, and it does not require that organisations put in place
costly systems to manage and safeguard personal data. Compliance costs will
also be reduced if organisations only collect and retain personal data that is
necessary for their business purposes, and delete or anonymise personal data
when it is no longer necessary.

Sir, in summary, the Bill sets out rules governing the management of personal
data. It also provides for a national DNC registry to allow individuals to opt
out of receiving marketing calls and messages. The Bill has been crafted to
strike a balance between protecting the interests of individuals, and the need
to keep compliance costs manageable for organisations.

The enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill will strengthen
Singaporeâs overall competitiveness, and enhance our status as a trusted hub
and choice location for global data management and processing services. It
will also address growing concerns over the misuse of personal data and
provide much needed protection for individuals in Singapore. Sir, I beg to
move.

Question proposed.

3.30 pm

**Mr Zaqy Mohamad (Chua Chu Kang)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, thank you for giving me
the opportunity to speak on the Personal Data Protection Bill. I would like to
thank the Minister for his opening statement explaining the Bill.

The Personal Data Protection Bill (PDPB) marks a milestone, especially in this
digital age and the era of the Internet, in which data is pervasively being
transmitted â knowingly or unknowingly â by means of devices, applications
or identifiers in hardware. Data is collected everywhere. As consumers or
users, we may not have the necessary laws to govern its use or sharing.

I am heartened with the establishment of the PDPB that puts in place
safeguards, which were previously across several Acts concerning statutory
secrecy and disclosure provisions. Thus, the PDPB, provides an overarching
regime to the right of privacy or protection of personal data for
Singaporeans. This moves beyond a sectoral approach in which previously only
covered selected industries such as financial services and healthcare.

Sir, I plan to address this Bill in several parts, but let me begin with
queries and concerns pertaining the definitions and coverage of personal data
protection. The definition of âpersonal dataâ in this Bill means data
whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that
data; or (b) from that data or other information to which the organisation has
or likely to have access. In my view, this definition is vague and only
concerns information and specific use of data that can identify a person.

If we compared it to the EU Data Protection Directive of 1995 on the
protection of individuals with regards to the processing of personal data and
free movement of data, âpersonal dataâ here is defined as information
concerning an identified or identifiable person, such as identification number
or one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental,
economic, cultural or social identity.

My primary concern is that the definition of our PDPB is vague in which
personal data protection relates only to the identification of a person or his
personal details. There are potentially other aspects in which a personâs
personal data that is reasonable to be kept private which also include details
such as salary information, or preferences with respect to religion, even
social preferences, such as where I eat, what I buy, etc. Thus, I think that
the Bill should delve deeper into the definitions of and to what extent
personal data should be protected.

Sir, if I used a simple example of oneâs monthly income or salary slip, such
data being disclosed may not necessarily impact oneâs personal safety.
However, this breaches oneâs right to privacy and potentially impacts
oneâs âface valueâ in the Asian context.

The second aspect of personal data that is not covered in this Bill is whether
data analysis on our personal data and acting on the analysis subsequently
breaches personal privacy. And this concerns issues of whether business
intelligence or data mining on behaviour or transactions over a period of time
in which I can be identified is breach of access. So, I understand activities
such as data mining in the industry are common, and I believe that most
consumers are fine with this if their identities are not identifiable and if
mining is done in aggregate form or with identities masked. However, if the
situation is otherwise, should the use of data for mining be also declared
upon collection of such data?

Overall, I am heartened with the extent of protection provided in Sections 3
and 4 on the accountability of organisations and their intermediaries and the
stipulated period in which the data privacy is enforced for living individuals
and those who are deceased.

I would also like to put forth a suggestion for consideration. Should special
groups of the society â such as children or minors, the mentally
incapacitated be singled out for special protection? Perhaps, in such
situations, we should require legal guardians to assist with the consent. And,
perhaps, we should consider that data of minors should be automatically
protected without the need for consent.

In the application of the Bill, in Section 11 Subsection 1, its states that
âin Meeting its responsibilities under Act, an organisation shall consider
what a reasonable person would consider in the circumstancesâ. I believe
there could be greater room for clarity in this Subsection, and it would be
better if the Commission sets out to define what the meaning or reasonableness
or allows the industry the latitude to self-regulate by constructing a
framework or a set of guidelines.

Section 18 explains the limitation of purpose and extent, which makes
reference to what âa reasonable person would consider appropriate in the
circumstancesâ does provide a loophole for companies or organisations that
may have different interpretations given the latitude given.

Sir, on the impact of this Bill on Singapore as a global hub and a connected
nation, many service providers, especially in the ICT sector and digital media
business are closely monitoring the developments in this space, as this has
impact in the way information flows and how the businesses have evolved in
this space. I believe that many will probably be heartened to note that one
key point raised during the public consultation, which has been considered in
shaping the tone of this Bill considerably, is that the focus and the
responsibilities of the obligations are more on business-to-consumer (B2C)
transactions rather than B2B.

As a global economic hub, we have to ensure that the implementation of this
Bill must strive to balance Singaporeâs economic interests and, yet, provide
sufficient protection for our citizens in their right to personal data
privacy. Our compliance to foreign regulatory requirements should not impede
our status and investments made for Singapore to continue as an economic and
ICT hub, especially as digital media, Internet and mobile commerce as well as
cloud services become more pervasive here. While at the same time, we also
need to ensure that individuals are effectively protected against loopholes in
which organisations may exploit by using overseas channels to bypass the
jurisdiction of our laws.

The Data Protection Act in the UK (1998) covers eight principles, and one of
which enforces that the data can only be transferred to countries offering
adequate data protection. So should Singapore consider extending the
protection of individual data protection to include this coverage in which
functions such as disaster recovery should be limited to countries that can
offer similar or as good legal protection and undertaking as the PDPB?

Here in Singapore, we have many accounts and transactions â and the numbers
are still growing â of consumers here using the Internet and various
business platforms used on cloud or global shared services. In many of these
cases, copies of consumer data reside on overseas servers serving as back-up,
disaster recovery or alternative active mirror sites.

Taking reference from the UK Data Protection Act mentioned, is our data also
as adequately covered and protected by similar laws and regulations overseas?
To enforce data sovereignty in Singapore only will be too tight and may impede
businesses, but we should also take due care that copies of data collected
must be from a list of countries that provide adequate data protection.

In cases where companies also have copies of our personal data stored
overseas, I think that they should be made to disclose upfront where copies of
our data will also reside. In the event that the PDPB is not able to address
adequacy, let the consumer make an informed choice at the point of consent by
letting them know where the disaster recovery or alternative mirror sites
reside, and this will enable consumers to make informed decisions on the risks
at which their data will continue to be kept private.

Sir, with respect to Section 26, relating to the transfer of personal data
outside of Singapore, I have some queries on how the PDPB will apply in the
following situations because these are increasingly common especially with the
pervasiveness of IT and digital media: (a) firstly, service providers or cloud
services that provide multi-country disaster recovery or high-availability
options; (b) with duplicate data being resident overseas, will the
organisation still be responsible if the data is accessed without proper
authority or under legal warrant by a foreign entity or authority? Is the
organisation obliged to disclose such a situation to its customers or users if
they are legally required to disclose data on their servers overseas; (c) how
can the Bill be enforced on a foreign company which may collect data from
subscribers in Singapore with the data being outside Singapore? What is the
recourse if such data is subsequently transferred or sold back to a company to
market in Singapore?

Sir, I know it sounds a bit complicated, but what powers does the Commission
have to direct and determine damages on the above cases should the PDPB or
subsequent Act be contravened? I think that these considerations should be
clarified and perhaps FAQs be made available to companies and consumers to
better educate each parties on their rights and obligations.

Sir, pertaining to Section 10 Subsection 4 in which the Commission may give an
undertaking to a foreign data protection body that it will comply with terms
specified in a requirement made. Under what circumstances will the Commission
agree to a foreign body? And what are the existing obligations that Singapore
has undertaken in this respect? What change does the Ministry foresee if the
Bill will impact the operating environment of our local business context?

On the Do Not Call (DNC) registry, I welcome the establishment of the DNC and
I think it is a welcome move by many Singaporeans who have been at the end of
repeated calls and SMS for unsolicited services several times a day. I have
just received two this morning, by the way. I am supportive of this initiative
and it is about time we enhanced our framework to work in tandem with other
measures such as the anti-spam laws that are in place.

The only concern I have is the implications it has to small businesses and
agents in that they will have to find alternative means to promote their
services or products. However, I am also certain that the inventiveness of the
industry will mean that marketing will evolve and, hopefully, in a way that is
more palatable to the ordinary consumer.

Technology, too, will evolve and I see areas in which we will need to monitor.
Alternative channels such as social media and digital messaging such as
Whatsapp or Viber, may then become alternatives for unwanted messages because
personal data identifiers such as mobile phone numbers or e-mail addresses can
be used to access and reach users in this area. I think that this is an area
of development that the Ministry and Commission should consider and
continuously monitor to update the laws. I understand that these are early
days for the PDPB, and it will take us time to understand the implications to
the various business sectors and organisations.

Increasingly, we receive various calls from overseas numbers for purposes of
telemarketing. These calls range from the marketing of investment products to
various personal services. So how does the DNC registry affect such companies?
This may prove to be a loophole in which contacts can still be sold to foreign
marketing agencies whose source of information will be hard to trace legally.
How can we prevent such loopholes from being exploited as foreign agencies are
not affected by the DNC registry established under this Bill?

On regulation and enforcement, Sir, our laws are only as good as the resources
in which we put in place to regulate and enforce them. The administration of
the PDPB provides for a Commission, Advisory Committees, Administrative Body
and other offices in which powers can be delegated. To these functions, how
many resources will the Ministry invest into the machinery to regulate and
enforce this Bill? Will these resources be sufficient to regulate the
pervasive and vast use of consumer data across businesses and the Internet? If
the resources are needed to prioritise their focus, what will be their
priorities be in dealing with electronic and manual data?

Sir, in the event of a dispute resolution, the Bill does not provide specific
timelines in which the Commission established or the mediation parties should
aim to resolve the dispute, especially in minimising any inconvenience or
legal costs to the ordinary citizen. I hope that the Ministry will consider
putting in place timelines in which dispute resolution should be made, so as
not to cause lengthy inconvenience to businesses and consumers in resolving
their concerns.

Given the benefits offered by this Bill in protecting oneâs data privacy,
may I also ask what efforts will the Ministry put in place to educate and keep
members of the public informed, and educate students in schools of the
individualâs rights to personal data privacy?

Moving on to a different segment, Sir, the implementation of the PDPB are more
likely to affect the SMEs, and potentially load on them additional costs to
maintain and secure their customer databases and information. Though I note
that the Minister also mentioned earlier that there are many efforts being
made to minimise this, small companies and proprietors may have difficulty
setting up processes, in view of Section 12 in which organisations are
required to implement and develop policies and practices to comply.

So, given the complexity of the nature of data protection and the various
legal and regulatory implications, will the Ministry or Commission set up an
industry guide as a reference point to help organisations get up to speed on
what are some of the best practices in implementing data protection policies,
processes and systems?

To comply with Section 24, in which organisations âshall protect personal
dataâ¦ by making adequate security arrangements...â, given this new
requirement on organisations, will the Ministry define security standards to
ensure a minimum baseline is required? This will put consumers, companies and
auditors on the same baseline and agree on an acceptable degree of compliance.
But I also hope that these requirements will not be too onerous on smaller
companies. Thus, to support the implementation of this Section, are there also
readily available funding in which companies can access and be assisted to
upgrade their systems and capabilities?

I foresee that companies will need to train employees to ensure consistent
application across the organisation. So, I would like to propose that the
Ministry or the Commission consider making funding available for companies to
tap on to develop their staff to obtain such training. Of course, existing
frameworks such as those by WDA may be considered as suitable platforms to
deploy such training.

Sir, I note that the industry will be given 18 months before the execution of
the Bill, or in particular the PDPB. After which they will be able to continue
to use such data which was collected prior to the implementation of the PDPB.
I would have hoped that the notice period would be shorter at six to 12 months
because this presents a loophole. Much data would have already been collected
under the current regime without having obtained consent in Section 16. In
addition, the fact that an 18-month period is granted provides more than ample
time for the industry to go on an aggressive approach in collecting personal
data.

In this respect, I have a suggestion when the Act comes into force in 18
months to make it compulsory for companies holding on to personal data to re-
obtain permission in accordance to Section 14, or alternatively, all such
companies should at least inform or declare upon the implementation date, on
the terms defined under Section 20 which relates to the notification of
purpose in which data is used.

If possible, the notice should also inform their members or customers of their
rights to personal data privacy as well as to have the option to withdraw,
access or update their personal data.

Sir, I would like to put forth one final recommendation in my speech before I
end off. Beyond the existing scope of the PDPB, we have also seen various
instances in which personal data is revealed or exploited to intimidate and
embarrass individuals online. There have been many cases in which personal
data, such as phone numbers, e-mail addresses, even home or office addresses
are disclosed online for the purposes of intimidation or embarrassment of an
individual online.

I am personally in favour of a light-touch approach and self-regulation on the
Internet. However, such acts are tantamount to cyber-bullying and
intimidation. The PDPB has made significant strides in pulling together
relevant laws across the various Acts to provide some protection to an
individualâs privacy. As such, why should such instances be excluded? While
there may be laws that disparately cover these situations, there is no one
consolidated framework with an established machinery, such as the PDPB, to
handle such issues. The issue today is that such cyber-bullying and
intimidation in disclosing personal data are also not high on the priority of
the Police Force, and very likely a costly affair for one to pursue through
civil litigation.

Sir, I would also like to seek clarity from the Ministry as well. In a
situation in which posting of personal data is made public, once made public,
is the individualâs data still covered by the PDPB?

Sir, in closing I would like to commend the Ministry in implementing the
Personal Data Protection Bill. The evolving business landscape, in which
consumer data is key to sales and marketing, has led to undesirable use of
consumer data, a practice which this Bill aims to curb. I hope that the
Ministry puts in sufficient resources and protection to ensure the effective
regulation of the Bill. The fact that data is pervasively being transmitted
â knowingly or unknowingly â by means or devices and applications means
that we will also need to put in place an education framework to educate the
common person on the street of their rights. I also hope that the law serves
to better protect those who are more vulnerable, such as children and the
mentally incapacitated, from being exploited. At the same time, while we do
more to protect our people, we must also be mindful of the need to balance
Singaporeâs economic interests as an economic and information hub. Sir, I
support the Bill.

3.47 pm

**Mr David Ong** : Mr Speaker, Sir, thank you for allowing me to speak on the
Personal Data Protection Bill (PDPB). The efforts to introduce a Data
Protection Bill in Singapore had been on the backburner for years. Against the
proliferation of data in the use by individuals, companies and organisations,
many consider the introduction of personal data protection legislation in
Singapore a timely move.

This brings the Singapore privacy and data protection laws in line with the
global benchmark. In addition, legislation will also render adherence and
observance mandatory. To raise social awareness or recognition of privacy
rights in a civil society, the Government has to take the lead in creating
awareness and in setting the standards and expectations of protection.

While the PDPB is intended to be a baseline law which will operate along with
the existing sector-specific laws, the PDPB is fairly ambitious in proposing
to extend its provisions to organisations which may not be physically located
in Singapore but are engaged in data collection, processing or disclosure of
such data within Singapore.

While MICA acknowledges there may be difficulty in enforcement against
organisations with no physical presence in Singapore, it was thought that
extending coverage to overseas organisations would act as necessary
deterrence. This is especially so in the borderless world of e-commerce and
the age of Internet proliferation.

The exponential growth of computers, hand-held mobile devices of all shapes
and sizes, ease of access and connectivity, the thriving e-commerce economy,
e-health, e-Government services and now the widespread use of cloud computing
have revolutionised how we live, work and play. There is a heavy reliance on
data by companies, Government agencies and VWOs to function and perform
optimally. The push towards better and more efficient customer relationship
management practices places great emphasis on soliciting, management and use
of personal data.

Whilst these have indeed brought us immense social and economic benefits, they
have also generated greater public awareness and concerns on how our personal
data when collected are stored, shared, managed, disclosed or used. With
regular scam emails from people we do not know or unsolicited calls and SMSes
from marketing companies to sell their products or services, there is no doubt
that new rules for the protection of personal data must be put in place.

Sir, I rise in support of this Bill as it is about protecting our basic human
rights to privacy. This should be guarded and enshrined in our Constitution,
and when an item of business content is not solicited, consumers can have the
right to refuse. Whilst I understand the need for commercial entities to
resort to such persistent and at times aggressive sales tactics as they are
cheapest and quickest form of outreach to potential customers, but if they are
unwanted and objectionable, such aggressive telemarketing techniques tread on
the fine line of harassment.

Sir, I am happy that this Bill would go a long way to protect citizens from
unwanted sales pitches and would also help to protect personal data from being
compromised and misused. With the growing number of senior citizens amongst
our population, many may unwittingly give their personal details or signed
away their rights, landing themselves in commercial deals that are not
beneficial to them or which they do not need.

In recent years, individuals, multi-nationals and local businesses that
operate in Singapore have jumped on the cloud computing bandwagon. Companies
and individuals where these cloud data centres are based are mostly located
overseas. Internet and cloud technology allow fast and easy transportation of
data across national boundaries and technologies that facilitate the
increasingly complex and cheap collection, storage, use and disclosure of
data.

This means that personal information about individuals in Singapore may often
be processed overseas, frequently without the explicit knowledge or consent of
those individuals. This raises issues, such as the security of such data, who
may have access to it, and for what purposes and what rights the individual
may have to object. How many of us, when given a choice to read through our
rights and its comprehensive terms and conditions of use, would simply scroll
down through all the legal jargons and straight down to âacceptâ! Many of
us are guilty of failing to take responsibility for ourselves and, when
mishaps happen, it is hard to plead ignorance.

It is noteworthy to say that, with this Act, Singaporeâs regulation of
personal data collection, management, use and abuse would be aligned with
international standards. In the United States, this Act is as important as the
First Amendment. Many facets of this Bill incorporates many common elements,
such as notice, consent, access and data security common in many European
countries, South Korea and, more recently, the Republic of China.

Equally noteworthy is that in Taiwan, although the Bill on Personal Data
protection was incorporated in 2010, the law was only passed most recently.
The long delay was, in part, because of the need for more amendments, and in
part because of the need for extensive consultations with stakeholders from
the business community. In many quarters, MICAâs intent in proposing this
Bill is perceived to help businesses and commerce to flourish rather than to
stifle and impede. As such, communication with stakeholders is both necessary
and vital.

It is, therefore, helpful that the PDP Commission can embark on an extensive
education and outreach effort to help organisations better understand and
embrace the new law. More importantly, it should engage stakeholders to bring
about an organisation accountability approach to effectively implement sound
data protection procedures. The need for extensive consultation with the
business community cannot be overlooked, especially given the international
business climate in general and the local Singapore economy in particular.

Sir, the business community, especially our SMEs, are already facing rising
business costs brought on by many factors beyond their control, such as rental
and manpower costs. Thus, the Personal Data Protection Bill (PDPB) must strike
a balance between consumer protection and the need to keep compliance costs
manageable for businesses. From feedback gathered during the recent
consultation exercise, I am glad to note that several requirements have been
relaxed, for example, business-to-business marketing calls and messages are
now excluded from the Do Not Call registry requirements.

In a World Economic Forum report in 2011, Singapore was named second after
Sweden as the worldâs most digitally connected economy. Sir, all
stakeholders, the Governmental agencies, the commercially inclined service
providers and the general public have done much to put us where we are today.
It is a reputation worth guarding in attracting fast evolving information
technology industries to set up shop here. We had benefitted and would
continue to stand to benefit when the cutting edge IT industries do not bypass
us because of stifling regulations.

In this regard, the passing of the PDPB law must not lead to a trigger-happy
litigious society in Singapore against the business society. We are not a
litigious society and must jealously guard it from taking root. The California
Federal Court dismissing the class civil suit against social media, Facebook,
is a case in point. Although the final verdict was in favour of Facebook, the
latter was unwittingly forced to commit time and financial resources to
defending itself. This, Sir, surely cannot be the intent of this Bill.

In the passing of the PDPB, we must strive to prevent a dent in our
international reputation to the global IT companies from investing here in
Singapore.

Sir, if there is anything that I would call on the Government to do more in
relation to this Bill is to not over protect it till it stifles business
creativity and innovation, increases business costs in compliance or deters
companies from investing in Singapore.

While the PDP Bill will help put in place the necessary safeguards to protect
consumersâ personal data, it remains important for individuals to remain
vigilant and take responsibility for their own personal data. With this, Sir,
I support the Bill.

3.56 pm

**Ms Jessica Tan Soon Neo (East Coast)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, thank you for
allowing me to speak on this Bill. Before I begin, I would first like to
declare my interest as I work in the infocomm industry.

With most privacy frameworks around the world, ânotice and consentâ either
have, or are perceived as having, become the dominant means of data
protection. The data ecosystem is more complex than ever before. The growth of
e-commerce, the explosion of social media, the evolution of cloud computing,
the emerging world of âbig dataâ and analytics, have caused industry,
Government and community stakeholders to look at the need for new governance
models for collection, use and the security of data.

By understanding what it means to live in a highly connected, technology
driven and data rich world, we can craft principles that remain effective in
protecting privacy but allow us to reap the benefits that only big data can
bring. There is increasing realisation that while still important, relying
heavily on individual notice and consent is not sustainable, given the huge
increases in the sheer volume and flow of information. It also places too much
burden on the individuals who may not have complete information or knowledge
in making the choice or, as my colleague Mr David Ong has said, whether they
actually do take the effort to understand what is required before consent is
given.

To that end, we need to find a balance to allow for flexibility, transparency
and confidence in these governance models; flexibility to the changes in
technology, transparency around its collection, and confidence that the data
will be used in a way consistent with our expectations. And this has never
been more important to citizens, consumers, businesses and governments as we
now live in a world where people are more connected and reliant on computing
technology than ever before. We are all stakeholders in this data ecosystem,
and balancing the competing and complementary interests of stakeholders is
about striking the balance between opportunity and responsibility.

This Bill is about striking that balance and setting down a baseline of a set
of rules to govern the way we can continue to enjoy the benefits of this data-
rich environment in a predictable, secure and trustworthy way.

Privacy and data protection are not static. The longer we wait to create these
governance models, the more we become policy followers than policy leaders.

While I think this Bill is necessary, I must emphasise that it is not
sufficient to achieve the balance in a way that will secure data as well as
our digital future as Singapore continues to strive to position ourselves as a
data and technology hub.

The Bill, however, is an important step on a continuing journey to data
protection as we look at how we modernise our laws to keep up with the changes
and trends in data. Singapore has stood still for too long and others have set
the rules of the game. We have seen our regional neighbours advance ahead of
us in this area of policy or, worse, we have seen commentators position
Singapore in a less than favourable light â either out of ignorance of the
strong sectoral policies we have in place already, or out of mischief to drive
a commercial advantage in the competition for data.

Singapore already leads the region and the world on so many key indices, from
network readiness, prioritisation of ICT, efficiencies of our legal system,
and global competitiveness. But, our lack of a comprehensive data protection
law has been an area where it has not kept pace with global regulatory trends
and technology developments.

To underscore the impact that Singaporeâs lack of a comprehensive data
protection law has had on the potential of our cloud computing and data
analytics ambitions, the recent release of the Asia Cloud Computing
Associationâs âCloud Readiness Indexâ rated Singapore as third in the
region for our cloud computing potential after Japan and Hong Kong. And the
key area holding us back from being first was data protection.

Make no mistake â we are still in a global marketplace for information and
there is stiff competition for data. One could say that data is the new
currency of the digital economy and, like currency, data is a coward. It will
flow to where it is safe, secure and valued.

Singapore needs to think about our competitive position in this battle for
data. Are we simply going to be an efficient and innovative hub for data for
the world, or can we also be the world most trusted environment for
information. After all, there is no such thing as bad data. There is only the
bad collection and bad use of data that we need to consider. It is therefore
heartening to see the momentum that the Government has seized upon to promote
a modern data protection regime and how the law will both govern technology as
well as promote its use, especially in the area of next generation computing
services.

Singapore has been an early adopter and driver of these services, most notably
cloud computing and we have been setting our ambition to be a major global
data hosting and processing hub. We are already the home of many of the
worldâs leading cloud services providers, so the need for a policy framework
that balances the innovation and flexibility that underpins Singaporeâs
vibrant ICT ecosystem while promoting good governance is essential. We are now
in a unique position to develop not only a data protection regime that meets
the privacy needs of our citizens, but develop a regime that embraces the
realities of the 21st century computing and services to promote responsible
information stewardship by data controllers and processors.

To achieve this balance, Singapore needs a ânext generationâ data
protection regime to meet the needs and demands of next generation technology.
What I mean by this is that we need to go beyond just regulating the
collection and the use of personal information, but we need to look at the
data as a whole. Data, both big and small. Indeed, I see the development of
Singaporeâs cloud computing ecosystem and the advancement of the data
protection regime as mutually inclusive.

Singaporeâs growth and sustainability has long been linked to our
comparative advantage of being a trading port and hub for goods, people and
services. Geography had been on our side to a large extent but, in this new
age, the ports of the future are not bound by geography but the policy
environment that promotes them as trusted home for data. While we are already
endowed with an enviable ecosystem of cloud services providers, the
competition is increasingly going to be the policy frameworks that provide
certainty and confidence not just for these companies but the customers that
they serve around the world.

Here in our region alone, we have recently seen privacy and data protection
laws advance in Korea, Malaysia, New Zealand, Australia, The Philippines and
Hong Kong with legislation actively being discussed in Thailand as well. Our
regional neighbours obviously see the potential for creating trusted
environments for information and not surprisingly have high ambitions to drive
the ICT sectors especially around the cloud. The cloud provides new
opportunities, new challenges and new responsibilities and it is incumbent on
Singapore to address these head on.

The Personal Data Protection Bill is a big step and I am confident that we
will achieve the right balance between efficiency and privacy, but our job
does not stop here. Continual policy refinement around core issues such as
data security, technology standards and the international trade in data are
essential for Singapore to retain our reputation as a policy innovator and,
more importantly, to attain the trust and confidence of citizens, customers
and cloud providers and achieve our ambition to be the leading technology hub.

An important area that we also need to consider is âwhat is the role and
responsibility of Government beyond the regulator and custodian of
information? â. In other words, what should Government have access to and
what should it not have access to.

For those following the cloud computing debate over the last few years, a new
term has taken hold â data sovereignty. This means that many governments
(including Singapore) consider certain data to be of such importance that it
should not leave the country, or, in some cases, the custody of the data
controller.

Data sovereignty is not to be dismissed or misrepresented â it is founded on
a belief that not all data is created equal and so we need to think
differently about certain data sets. We have seen this most notably in the
area of financial services and healthcare as each regulator seeks to protect
the information of depositors and patients alike.

This is understandable as all of us want our bank details and health records
secured and protected. But clearly we need to be more innovative about how we
govern the protection of this information while not shutting out the
innovation and good that could be derived from more flexible and modern
approaches to data protection. The balance between the individualâs right to
privacy and the good for society.

Let me give an example to illustrate this point. In todayâs data rich world,
much can be revealed about a personâs past and even his/her expected future.
This could present both risks and benefits for the individual and society. It
is important to realise the power of data analytics. Analysing data may reveal
that a person has an existing medical condition that can be treated, or is at
risk of developing such a condition. That data, when combined with other data,
may also enable insights and medical advances. This could benefit both the
person and society as a whole.

Set alongside this is the need for government to protect citizens and enforce
the laws and access to data. This can be a powerful aid in preventing the
wrong use of the data and responding to them when they do happen. To
illustrate the point with the same example as I used earlier, it is
problematic if the medical history or information that suggests the risk of a
future condition is used to deny employment or insurance to individual.

Let me now touch on a related point. With the increase in cloud computing,
both businesses and users of cloud services are seeking to understand how and
when Governments can have access to user data. Governments do have need to
access data for legitimate reasons of law enforcement and national interest,
but greater transparency of what constitutes legitimate access is now a major
issue that we cannot ignore. I believe that a whole-of-Government dialogue is
needed to assess this notion of transparency in Government access to
information.

For Singapore, the importance of this is only further accentuated by our
ambition to be the data custodian for citizens, businesses and even
governments from around the region and the world. We need to consider not just
what the private sector can and cannot do with data, but the public sector as
well.

As I mentioned, we are in a competition, a competition for confidence and we
need to ensure that we have transparent rules and principles that help drive
the confidence of data customers that Singapore is the trusted hub for
information.

So as Singapore stands at the frontier of this new data world, what are the
principles that we need to consider helping move us beyond just keeping pace
with global regulation but enabling us to stay competitive as well?

I believe that we need to start to look at some new principles that will help
shape this new data protection regime. This new regime must take into account
a new world that is rich with new business models, new data usage models, new
forms of technology, and individual privacy sensibilities. This may prove to
be either remarkably resilient over time or quite fluid.

I support this Bill as a major step towards harmonising our data protection
regime to interoperate with others in the region and the world. I think that
it has been developed with the traditional privacy concerns such as the âdo
not callâ regulations, but also the flexibility in looking at the cloud
computing and data hub ambitions for Singapore.

Where I would suggest we make some changes is to fast track the implementation
of the provisions, especially for large businesses. I propose that we have a
sunrise period of 12 months for large business and two years for small
business.

I would also recommend that the Data Protection Commission, that is being set
up under this Act, be charged with the task of establishing an expert
taskforce consisting of Government agencies and businesses to look at how we
can progress a true âdata protectionâ regime. A regime that looks at the
end to end data considerations, including Government access, data analytics,
sectoral regulatory reform with the aim of establishing Singapore as the
worldâs most trusted home for information.

Singapore has a history of innovation and reliability. One of Singaporeâs
defining characteristics is reliability and confidence. We need to harness
this reputation and seize on this momentum on privacy to lead the world in
developing a truly comprehensive data protection environment for citizens and
businesses here in Singapore and around the world.

While businesses will incur effort and possibly cost to adhere to the data
protection requirements on the care and use of personal data collected, it
will provide businesses certainty and clarity on how to manage the collection
and use of personal data. It will also create confidence on how businesses
operating in Singapore collect and use data. Mr Speaker, I support the Bill.

**Mr Speaker** : I propose to take the break now. I suspend the Sitting and
will take the Chair again at 4.30 pm. Order.

Sitting accordingly suspended

at 4.11 pm until 4.30 pm.

Sitting resumed at 4.30 pm

[Mr Speaker in the Chair]

PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION BILL

Debate resumed.

**Ms Low Yen Ling (Chua Chu Kang)** : Mr Speaker, I rise in support of the
Personal Data Protection Bill. It is a positive move that not only protects
consumersâ interests, but it will also put Singapore on par with countries
with data protection laws and strengthen our position as a trusted business
hub and location for global data management and processing services.

With regard to the Bill, I would like to raise two areas of concern: firstly,
the impact of the Bill on SMEs, a point also raised by the hon. Members who
spoke before me; and secondly, the protection of childrenâs personal data

As we all know, SMEs are the lifeblood of our economy. Today, 99% of all
enterprises in Singapore are SMEs. They employ 70% of our workers, and
contribute over 50% of national GDP. The often-cited challenges by SMEs
include manpower, financing and cash flow. In view of this, marketing
activities that are key to enhancing an SMEâs brand and offering can become
quite a load for these enterprises.

With the introduction of the Personal Data Protection Bill, SMEs would have to
put in place more resources to navigate and understand the new law. For
instance, they would need a staff to double up as a Personal Data Officer, to
ensure compliance of marketing activities, have their data lists filtered and
observe other requirements under this Bill. Many SMEs that are already under
the heat with the labour crunch and economic uncertainty may have little
capacity or capability to do so.

As SMEs do not have the scale and deep pockets of MNCs, we must be mindful
that the Personal Data Protection Bill can pose significant challenges to
their marketing and customer acquisition efforts. The fear of infringing the
new laws may also weigh them down.

While protecting the interests of consumers, I hope MICA and the relevant
Government agencies will also lend good support to the SMEs during the
âSunriseâ period to ease them into the implementation of the Bill. For
example, it will take resources and time for SMEs to make sense of all the
legal requirements and to also ensure compliance. There could be new or
recurrent costs involved to ensure all requirements of the Bill are met.

Besides awareness and education, I hope the Government will consider providing
free training, consultancy and support for SMEs that extend beyond the
âSunriseâ period, and also explore possible tax reliefs or financing
incentives for SMEs on the costs incurred as a result of complying with the
Bill.

( _In Mandarin_ ): [ _For Mandarin speech, please refer to[Vernacular
Speeches](082_20121015_S0016_T0001.pdf)._] I rise in support of the Personal
Data Protection Bill. It is a positive move that not only protects
consumersâ interests, but it will also put Singapore on par with countries
with data protection laws and strengthen our position as a business hub and
location for global data management and processing services.

With regard to the Bill, I would like to discuss its impact on SMEs. SMEs are
the lifeblood of our economy. Today, 99% of all enterprises in Singapore are
SMEs. They employ 70% of our workers, and contribute over 50% of national GDP.
The often-cited challenges by SMEs include manpower, financing and cash flow.
In view of this, marketing activities that are key to enhancing an SMEâs
brand and offering can become quite a load for these enterprises.

With the introduction of the Personal Data Protection Bill, SMEs would have to
put in more resources to navigate and understand the new law. For instance,
they would have to have a Personal Data Officer, ensure compliance of
marketing activities, have their data lists filtered and observe other
requirements under this Bill. Many SMEs that are already under the heat, with
the labour crunch and economic uncertainty, may have little capacity or
capabilities to do this.

As SMEs do not have the scale and deep pockets of well-recognised, global
brands, we must be mindful that the Personal Data Protection Bill can pose
considerable challenges to their marketing and customer acquisition efforts.
The fear of infringing the new laws may also weigh them down.

While protecting the interests of consumers, I hope MICA and the relevant
Government agencies will also lend good support to the SMEs during the
âsunriseâ period to ease them into the implementation of the Bill. For
example, it will take resources and time for SMEs to make sense of all the
legal requirements and to also ensure compliance. There could be new or
recurrent costs involved in ensuring all requirements of the Bill are met.

Besides awareness and education, I hope the Government will consider providing
free training, consultancy and support for SMEs that extend beyond the
âsunriseâ period, and also explore possible tax reliefs and financing for
SMEs on the costs incurred as a result of complying with the Bill.

( _In English_ ): The second area of concern that I wish to raise is with
regard to the protection of childrenâs personal data. The fact that the
Personal Data Protection Bill does not draw any explicit distinction between
data subjects who are adults and those who are children introduces an
important extra dimension that must also be addressed in the Bill.

An increasing number of children are now using the Internet. They are starting
at a younger age, using smart phones and electronic tablets, and spending more
time online downloading and uploading information. In 2010, according to the
MDA, 39% of Internet users aged 7-14 years old get online once a day. The
average duration of an Internet session for 41% of Internet users aged 7-14
years is one to two hours. While the Internet can be a channel for education,
it also carries a spectrum of risks to children as they share more about
themselves online as they view marketing advertisements, join social networks
or even transact on the Internet through apps, games and contests. In the
course of such activities, they can be targets for unsuitable or aggressive
online marketing for commercial gain, cybergrooming, online scams or even
identity frauds.

As the Personal Data Protection Bill comes into place, I hope we can also
provide suitable guidelines as to how childrenâs personal data, especially
those under thirteen years old should be treated. Several governments
recognise that children need additional protection in this area. I understand
that in 1998, the US enacted the Childrenâs Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA) to protect personal data of children below 13 years of age. The
European Commission is reviewing its data protection law to offer greater
protection to children. Like in the US, European companies have to get
parental consent for all minors under 13 years old. The Commission also wants
all communication aimed at minors to be clear and in plain language. This will
ensure that young people can understand the implications of entering their
data, the reason it is needed, and the protection it is afforded.

Childrenâs personal data need extra safeguards. The fact that personal
information is becoming an online commodity applies to children as well as
adults. We need to place parents in control over what information is collected
from their young children online. We should require that âverifiable
parental consentâ should be sought whenever website operators and online
service providers directed to children under 13 years old wish to collect,
use, or disclose personal information from children. Parents should also be
able to "opt out" of any further information collection from their child.

We have all a responsibility to ensure that our children are protected from
potential risks or abuse that could result from unwitting personal disclosure.
Due to the increased complexity of todayâs highly connected world, it is not
enough to assume that laws to protect adultsâ personal data would do well
for children as well. We need the Personal Data Protection Bill to detail the
boundaries and guidelines that can ensure the safety of our children. In view
of their limited understanding of risks and consequences, children need
specific protection in this area.

Furthermore, laws alone would not suffice. Education â for parents and
children â on how to protect and treat their personal data is needed to
bring the public to a higher level of awareness and maturity that would
reinforce responsible behavior from individuals, companies and organisations.
Industries can also be encouraged to self-regulate. Parents or children-
related community groups can also play a part by providing and promoting
healthy personal data protection practices and online behaviour.

We all know that regulation can only set the outside perimeters. We need
education to set the inward indicators for safe and healthy sharing of
personal information. On this note, I support the Bill.

4.41 pm

**Asst Prof Tan Kheng Boon Eugene** : Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support of
the Personal Data Protection Bill. This comprehensive legislation is belated
but I believe that the regulatory regime offered by the proposed law is better
late than never. It provides a good start and will stand us in good stead as
we develop and grow our system of protecting the personal data of individuals.

As the examples of Google, Facebook and Twitter demonstrate, consumer
information and insights are currency in todayâs business world. This
currency, in the form of digitised information, also means that personal data
is now much easier to collect, store, use and disseminate. This also means
that the protection of personal data is also much harder. Matters are
compounded given the lack of understanding and appreciation for online
privacy. Legislation will always be playing catch-up with developments in the
online world. Nonetheless, we must always endeavour to keep up. In Asia, the
jurisdictions which already have data protection laws include Hong Kong,
Taiwan, South Korea, Malaysia and the Philippines.

Sir, the role of data protection laws is significant in the Singapore context
given that there is no common law protection for personal privacy here. But
this does not mean that privacy is not important in Singapore. Yet the
definition of privacy is elusive in that any definition is easily open to the
charge of being either too broad or too narrow. The common conceptions of
privacy as âthe right to be let aloneâ and âto have control over
information about ourselvesâ are often inadequate. Instead, for the purposes
of this Bill, which is concerned with personal data protection, the concept of
privacy for me has to involve information and, in particular, the access of
others to undocumented personal information.

In reviewing the Bill, my primary considerations are whether the proposed law
provides sufficient recognition of the privacy principles of consent, control
and care. Sir, I appreciate that the personal data protection regime envisaged
by the Bill is a light-touch one â one in which a minimum data protection
standard is uniformly applied across all private organisations and
individuals.

Sir, let me just go on to my first reservation. The proposed law does not
apply to the public sector. The public sector, collectively, has a lot of
information about individuals living on this island. Further, given the range
and intensity of surveillance technology at the disposal of the Government,
the need to regulate how the public sector collects, uses, shares and
disseminates personal information takes on greater importance.

Although there are specific legislations that govern the protection of data by
the public sector such as the Official Secrets Act and the Statutory Bodies
and Government (Protection of Secrecy) Act, I am of the view that a unified
regime is ideal and one that will provide more robust protection of personal
data. If a dual regime is preferred, and which I sense is the Governmentâs
preference, I hope that the new Ministry of Communications and Information
will seriously consider beefing up the legislation that governs the public
sectorâs handling of information, which is primarily geared towards the
protection of the secrecy of information.

I move on to my other concern, which relates to the âdeemed consentâ
provision in clause 15 of the Bill. In general, actual consent should be
encouraged both in law and in practice. While I am not so concerned with the
need for explicit consent, there should be adequate safeguards for actual
consent, whether expressed or implied. Similarly, while there are safeguards
in the case of âdeemed consentâ, I would like to suggest that stronger
emphasis be placed on the connection between âpurposeâ and âconsentâ.
To adequately protect the individual, the Bill could go further and state that
the connection between purpose and consent given must be clear.

A purpose cannot be so broad as to result in an organisation having the _carte
blanche_ to use personal information gathered for a whole host of other
incidental purposes. Otherwise, what will result will be an abuse and misuse
of the personal information gathered, which is seemingly protected by the law
as deemed consent of a broad nature had been obtained.

On the Do Not Call registry found in Part IX of the Bill, MICA has set a
12-month deadline for the implementation of the DNC Registry. Could the
Minister clarify whether it would consider moving towards a shorter sunrise
period from the enactment of the PPD Act? Sir, the bulk of the compliance
mechanisms that need to be put in place is under the responsibility of the
authorities, that is, the Privacy Commission. The private organisations merely
have to consult and observe the Register in accordance with the law. My
concern is that the longer a sunrise period there is, the greater the
likelihood that some of the more entrepreneurial organisations will escalate
their data collection and use the gathered information for direct marketing
activities, in anticipation of the DNC regime coming into force.

Similarly, organisations may also attempt to collect personal data and use
them before the law comes into force in order to gain an advantage from the
deemed consent provision under clause 15 of the Bill as well as to engage in
âstockpilingâ of personal data to be in alignment with the requirements of
clause 17 of the Bill. Sir, regardless of the duration of the sunrise period,
I also hope that the Ministry will not provide a further grace period for
compliance. To do so would only defeat the purpose of the sunset period, and
will reduce the impetus for compliance as soon as possible.

I would also like to propose that the regulation of spam emails be
incorporated into the PPD Actâs âDo Not Call registryâ regime. Sir, the
Spam Control Act of 2007 has not addressed the problem of spam emails. If
anything, the Act has probably not made any difference at all! Anecdotal
evidence suggests that the incidence of abuse and misuse of email addresses is
now greater than it was when the Spam Control Act was passed. By bringing
emails under the DNC regime, we will not make an arbitrary distinction between
emails and phone calls or phone messages. It is noted that SMSs and MMSs are
also covered under the Spam Control Act but they are also included under the
DNC regime. A personâs email addresses are also personal identifiable
information. By harmonising the regulatory regime, we will provide a more
comprehensive and consistent approach to unwanted correspondence or
communication regardless of the mode of communication.

Sir, another area of concern relates to whether the Bill covers non-
Singaporean organisations if they are collecting or handling personal
information with a Singapore nexus. I seek the Ministerâs confirmation of
this, and hope that the scope of coverage to include overseas organisations
will not be symbolic. More importantly, such a move will emphasise that it is
the personal data of individuals with the Singapore link rather than the
location or nationality of the organisation dealing with the personal
information that is the primary focus of the legislation. Otherwise, the
proposed law will provide an escape clause which will certainly be used given
the portability of digitised information.

Sir, surprising as it may sound, Singaporeans can do with a better and nuanced
understanding of privacy and the need to protect undocumented personal
information. Too often, we see people disclosing their personal particulars
including their National Registration Identity Card (NRIC) numbers, birthdays,
without any care or concern that such information could be misused at a time
where identity thefts are becoming a lot more common. Sir, I sincerely hope
that the to-be established Personal Data Protection Commission, which is
provided for in Part II of the Bill, will have a strong public education
mandate and that adequate funding will be provided for this role. It is only
when consumers value the protection of personal data and their privacy will
the proposed law be effective.

Sir, I congratulate the drafters of the Bill for their thorough work on this
important new law. The Ministry of Communications, Information and the Arts
must be commended for seeing through this Bill which is at least a decade in
the making. This is also MICAâs last Bill. Such a Bill is demanding because
of the need to balance the competing and, sometimes, conflicting needs of the
different stakeholders. Some of these needs include: the need and perhaps even
emerging right of privacy of consumers and individuals; the benefits of
enabling information technology to boost marketing reach and capabilities
given our aspirations to be a hub for Asian consumer insights; as well as the
economic benefits that flow from allowing, within reasonable limits,
organisations to collect and use personal data for their business endeavours.
I think the Bill does strike an appropriate balance.

Sir, there is still a lot to be done for the protection of personal
information. As many other Members have raised, should vulnerable groups, like
children and the disabled, be provided with enhanced level of privacy
protection? What about the prohibition of the trade and sale of personal
information? In any case, the developments in this area mean that our laws
will need to be constantly updated to keep pace with the changes and the
ingenuity of people seeking to mine personal information for whatever
advantage, pecuniary or otherwise. This underscores the centrality of personal
data in todayâs world and its status as an asset.

Sir, I warmly welcome this Bill and look forward to its robust implementation.

4.51 pm

**Ms Tan Su Shan (Nominated Member)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, thank you for the
opportunity to speak on the proposed Personal Data Protection Bill.

In this Information Age, copious data is generated on our every movement,
action or even preferences, particularly in a digital society such as
Singaporeâs, where oneâs location can be constantly tracked via phones,
EZ-Link cards, CashCards, etc. Abuse of data privacy could give rise to
serious personal privacy violations which in turn could portend societal harm.
Mr Speaker, Sir, this is a vital Bill, and one that is overdue.

That said, while it is indisputable that personal data privacy must be
protected, the equally important questions of reach and enforcement may not
have been fully considered in the proposed Bill. These are important areas
which can be crafted in a more precise manner or it may leave too much open to
interpretation. Allow me to offer three such examples from the Bill where,
perhaps, more specific details can be offered.

Number one â clause 4. This clause relates to the application of the Bill.
Yet it says it will not impose any obligation on any individual, any employee
or any public agency, acting in the course of employment. If this exemption is
necessary, then surely they should only apply if these employees or public
servants have accessed the data, whilst in the proper course of duty. This
means they should exercise reasonable care in the handling of such data. A
blanket exemption should not give these employees immunity from handling such
data responsibly.

Secondly, clause 5 on the appointment of a Commission. Regarding this
Commission, what criteria will be used in their shortlisting and selection?
How do we ensure that they are independent, and related to that, what will be
its tenure and maximum renewal? How shall we assess if it has discharged its
duties in the best interests of Singapore, and given the importance of the
role, will such information be publicly available in a timely and convenient
manner?

Thirdly, clause 11 on the compliance of the Act. Clause 11 states that in
meeting its responsibilities under this Act, an organisation shall consider
what a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. This
however leaves wide open the question of what might be deemed
âappropriateâ, which significantly impacts the protection the Act might
afford. Perhaps, there could be more clarity then on what may be deemed
âinappropriateâ?

Clause 11 also allows for the delegation of authority: I quote, âan
individual designated such may delegate to another individual the
responsibility conferredâ. The question here is: Is such second-degree
delegation necessary? Does it aid or does it hinder accountability?

Lastly, as my fellow Members have addressed this, let us just talk about the
issue of NRIC numbers. It has become commonplace for NRICs to be used as a
required field in forms, whether official or not. While contact information is
necessary for tele-marketeers, is giving our NRICs always necessary? Have the
authorities considered the risk of ID theft? Given the sensitivity surrounding
such information, can the Minister consider ringfencing this data so that it
absolutely cannot be shared, and should only be collected if necessary for
administrative purposes â with the onus on the collecting agent to ensure it
can meet the burden of proof.

I end with a suggestion for the Minister to consider also thinking about
improving the transparency of how the Government uses all the information it
collects. After all, we are living in an era where we all carry chips with us.
With security cameras in public areas, EZ- Link cards, cell phones, etc, our
whereabouts can be tracked all the time.

And if the Government is indeed the custodian of such data, then can the
Minister address what is done with all this information, and how long is it
stored? Who has access to this information, and under what circumstances is
this information shared? Assuming this information is only shared in the
course of public justice or security, then who determines what rationales are
permissible, and what are the safeguards to ensure that such trust and privacy
is not violated?

Mr Speaker, I am afraid I have raised more questions than answers. I hope the
above questions and suggestions help our promulgation of a Personal Data
Protection Act that is world-class, and delivers solidly the personal data
protection that our people fully deserve.

4.56 pm

**Mr Chen Show Mao (Aljunied)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, the Bill before us has been
a long time in coming. Back in 1990, the Law Reform Committee of the Singapore
Academy of Law published the working paper entitled âData Protection in
Singapore: A Case for Legislationâ. And today, we have a Bill that proposes
a baseline data protection framework to regulate the way organisations in
Singapore collect, use and disclose our personal data.

This Bill relates to the protection of personal data. It is developed based on
principles derived from the OECD guidelines on the protection of privacy.
These principles include, among others, accountability and openness. The data
protection provisions being introduced will serve as a âbaselineâ law.
That is, we legislate here for a minimum standard to be applied across the
board. There are then expressed provisions within the Bill for various
exceptions, particularly that any other written laws shall prevail over these
data protection laws should there be any conflicting positions. So, this is in
part how, as the Government stated, âa general baseline law will apply
concurrently with existing sectoral regulations,â such as for banking and
telecommunications.

The Bill allows for various other exemptions, for example, an organisation may
collect, use or disclose personal data without having to comply with these
data protection laws if doing so is ânecessary in the national interestsâ.
Or if the collection, use or disclosure of personal data is ânecessary to
respond to an emergency that threatens the life or safety of that individual
or another individualâ. Or if that personal data is âpublicly
availableâ. Or if the use or disclosure of personal data is ânecessary for
any investigation or proceedingsâ. No need to comply with the data
protection requirements in this Bill in these cases.

So these exemptions would have been helpful in providing some flexibility to
organisations such as Government agencies when dealing with the interests of
the public in specific cases. But, unfortunately, this Bill will not apply to
public agencies. It expressly carves out the application of personal data
protection laws to public agencies that collect, use or disclose our personal
data. These include Government Ministries, tribunals and, upon notification by
the Ministers, statutory boards like the PA and the HDB. As an extension, the
personal data protection laws will also not apply to private organisations
when they act on behalf of a public agency. So, Sir, this is an area in which
the Bill is lacking.

Like private organisations, public agencies that collect, use and disclose
personal data of individuals should be required by law to comply with the
minimum levels of data protection in this Bill. A reason given by the
Government was that public agencies do not need to be included as they are
already governed by their own set of rules and that these rules provide
similar levels of protection.

Sir, to the extent that the Governmentâs data protection rules are contained
in our written laws, such as the Official Secrets Act, they would have
continued to apply even if we were to extend the coverage of this Bill to our
public agencies. This is because, as mentioned earlier, this Bill is set up as
a baseline law that is not intended to affect rights and obligations under
existing law.

Sir, to the extent that the Governmentâs data protection rules are not
contained in written laws, then I do not know what they are. I do not know
what these laws are, or rather what these rules are, because they are not made
known to the public.

What I know is that, if these rules are not laws then they are not subjected
to parliamentary scrutiny and oversight, and we do not know when or how they
get created, amended or terminated. The people who are directly affected by
these rules do not know what they are, much less have the chance to have their
views on them heard.

To give an example, while individuals will be able to complain to the new Data
Protection Commission relating to suspected violations of the data protection
laws in this Bill, it is not clear if and how under current Governmentâs
data protection rules, individuals have similar rights for complaint against
public agencies relating to the wrongful collection used or disclosure of
personal information.

The Government has also said that some of its rules are âmore stringent in
other areas.â Well, that is good. That could continue to be the case, even
if this Bill should apply to public agencies. And there is nothing in these
laws stopping organisations, public and private, from having internal rules
that afford even better protection for personal data, should those be deemed
necessary or desirable.

The concept of accuracy, and individual access and correction are key
provisions contained in this Bill. This means that individuals have the right
to request access to their personal data are held by an organisation and also
to request that they be provided with information about ways in which their
personal data have been used and to be provided with the names of the parties
to whom the data has been disclosed. Individuals also have a right to request
that organisations correct any errors or omissions in the personal data.

So it is just as important, if not more important, that these concepts of
accuracy and access rights should also apply to public agencies that collect,
use or disclose personal data. Public agencies during the course of their
duties use personal data to make decisions such as whether to grant somebody
Workfare Income Supplement payments which have a direct impact on the lives of
individuals. Therefore, it is important that individuals should be able to
access their personal data on the basis of which the Government makes
decisions on and to ask for such data to be corrected if they are inaccurate.

Another reason that we have been given for why the public sector needs to be
excluded is that public agencies often have to share information with one
another or to deal with national emergencies. And, indeed, we do already have
laws that allow public entities to share data. Examples include the Income Tax
Act, the Medical Registration Regulations, the Immigration Act. As mentioned
earlier, these will continue to apply as they are contained in existing
written laws. Also, as mentioned earlier, we have broadly worded exemptions
contained in this Bill relating to national interests and to emergencies,
which may well be helpful through our public agencies looking to share
information in a national emergency.

By ensuring that the public sector also falls within the remit of our personal
data framework, individuals can be certain that there is at least a minimum
baseline that applies the way the public sector treats their personal data,
and they can take comfort from how the processes and the rules would be clear
for them.

I also note that of the jurisdictions in the world that have a personal data
protection framework, only very few do not have personal data protection laws
that are applicable to the public agencies. Therefore, making this data
protection framework applicable to public sector organisations, to our public
agencies would mean that Singapore will be truly in line with international
standards, which is one of the three principles that the Bill is based on.

Sir, the protection of personal data is welcomed not only because of its
expected economic benefits. It is welcomed also because it acknowledges an
important principle that our personal data belongs to us, as persons, much
like our cash or phones or wallets and other forms of property. And this
property needs to be safeguarded and protected by law against misuse,
including by the Government. We must remind ourselves that the proper function
of a government and its associated bodies, first and foremost, is to provide
essential services to the people. The Government collects our personal data in
order to be able to provide us with various services such as administering our
CPF accounts for our retirement needs, or our Medisave accounts for our
medical expenses. However, this information belongs to us and our Government
agencies must handle our personal data with care. Above all, they should be
accountable to the people and to Parliament about the way in which they use
and safeguard our data while they carry out various services for us.

Mr Lui Tuck Yew, as MICA Minister in 2011, said, âWhat we are doing, first
and foremost, is to govern the proper processing of personal information such
as the collection, the use, the disclosure and the transfer of this data and
to make sure that this is properly regulated.â Sir, there is no reason why
that should not apply to our public agencies.

5.08 pm

**Mr Desmond Lee (Jurong)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, identity-related crime cost the
British public some Â£2.7 billion in 2010. In the US, a 2007 survey report
estimated that some eight million people fell victim to identity fraud, losing
close to US$50 billion.

The growth in identity-related crime is closely associated with the rampant
global black market in personal information. Just this month, for example, it
was reported in the news that Japanese police had arrested two research firm
employees on charges of illegally obtaining private information from a broad
network of information suppliers. These suppliers included mobile phone
salesmen, staff at job placement centres, as well as police officers.

In the last four years, the pair allegedly made more than Â¥850 million, or
more than S$13 million. Quite ironically, they claimed that their business had
turned profitable after Japanese data protection law kicked in and created a
greater demand in the black market.

The current black market price list for sensitive personal and financial
information was recently put up on the website of the US Office of the
National Counter-Intelligence Executive (NCIX) to generate greater public
awareness about data security. Apparently, it costs just US$3 to buy an
American citizenâs social security number, which the NCIX notes wryly, is
cheaper than a McDonaldsâ Happy Meal.

In a 2008 Australian Government report, the growing incidence of identity-
related crime in many countries was attributed to a number of factors,
including globalisation, the rise in high-speed information flows, increase in
the use of remote communications, greater sophistication in forgery
techniques, as well as âthe widespread collection and dissemination of data
about individuals by private sector and other organisations, which provides
opportunities for easier access to personal informationâ.

Sir, I think these factors apply equally in Singapore. The introduction of an
overarching data protection legislation is therefore critical, if a little
overdue. It will complement existing laws, such as the Computer Misuse Act,
the Penal Code and the Electronic Transactions Act, as well as other sectoral
data legislation, to help increase protection around sensitive personal
information.

But merely having such a legal framework is insufficient. Organisations and
businesses must genuinely treat personal information of their customers and
their employees with care and respect, and embrace data protection as an
intrinsic and valuable part of business culture. Otherwise, if this is seen as
just yet another cost to manage, then there will only be lip-service
compliance or worse, creative compliance.

The Personal Data Protection Commission should therefore focus its efforts
along two main lines: (1) working with business and other federations to
educate, help and incentivise organisations and businesses to adopt effective
data protection protocols; and (2) devoting sufficient resources to enforce
the rules firmly and fairly against organisations that flout basic data
protection standards.

At the same time, personal data protection is not just something for
organisations and businesses to do. It should really begin with you and me. We
have a role to play in safeguarding our own personal information. Some of us
may just be a tad too naÃ¯ve and trusting: dutifully filling in every request
for sensitive information that is sought on, for instance, a lucky draw coupon
without thinking twice about potential consequences if the information is
abused.

A healthy scepticism about the necessity of giving away valuable pieces of our
own information to strangers who ask for it, is something that ought to be
inculcated at home and in schools, and reinforced in the community. I,
therefore, hope the Commission will consider working with schools as well as
community and grassroots organisations to bring this message across to all
Singaporeans, especially our more vulnerable groups such as the young and our
elderly and to educate them about the data protection framework that we are
putting in place to protect. They should understand what potential harm may be
caused if they give away information such as their NRIC numbers, their
birthdays and other types of information.

Sir, let me now comment specifically on the Bill. First, I find it striking
that there does not appear to be any substantive provision in the Bill that
criminalises or otherwise penalises the deliberate and unauthorised disclosure
of personal data, for example, by employees, officers or agents, or for
procuring such unauthorised disclosures.

Contrast this with section 55 of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, which makes
it a crime to obtain personal data from data controller without consent and to
sell or offered to sell such information. While such acts may under certain
circumstances be sanctioned as breaches under Part IV of the Bill or amount to
offences in our Penal Code or the Computer Misuse Act, I would have preferred
that the Personal Data Protection Act explicitly outlaw black market trading
and trafficking in sensitive personal information.

In the Japanese case I just mentioned earlier, the companies concerned may
well have collected and stored personal data appropriately and instituted
measures to safeguard them, but unfortunately, rogue employees allegedly sold
the information to the two individuals operating the black market.

Such an offence should be explicit and be backed by stiff penalties in the
form of fines and jail terms, and be listed as a predicate offence under the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (CDSA) so that illicit profits can be confiscated.

Second, again on enforcement, I wonder if the powers contained in the Schedule
9 of the Act are sufficient for the Commission and their offices to conduct
full and thorough investigations into alleged non-compliance with our data
protection laws.

There are powers in the Schedule to require organisations to provide documents
and information, and enact powers of entry, search and seizure, but I note
there are no expressed powers to compel attendance of persons and the
recording statements from individuals which are essential in discerning the
exact nature of the breach.

For comparison, the Minister may refer to section 12(3) of the Private
Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act and section 55A of the Infectious Diseases
Act, both of which contain such powers to record statements.

Third, I notice that there is no obligation on organisations to promptly
notify individuals or the Commission about significant data privacy breaches
that may have occurred; for instance, when credit card numbers or sensitive
medical records are stolen, lost or leaked. This was a suggestion made by a
number of people during the public consultation phase, including notably by
Professor Simon Chesterman, Dean of NUS Law School.

I think this is an important provision to consider having, as it will allow
the individuals affected to take timely and necessary precautions and remedial
actions.

Four, while data protection is important, I think the provisions in Part VIII
of the Bill, including the provision for reconsideration by the Commission and
provisions on appeal are a bit of an overkill. Let me describe the current
process.

First, when an individual makes a complaint and the Commission investigates
and makes a direction, the Commission may be asked under clause 31 to
reconsider its decision or direction. An appeal may then be made to the Appeal
Panel under clause 33, which will constitute an Appeal Committee to hear the
appeal. The Appeal Committeeâs decision is not final, it is in turn
appealable, under various circumstances, two more times, once to the High
Court and, yet, another time to the Court of Appeal.

Sir, I think there may be too many layers of appeal. This creates uncertainty
and delay in resolving disputes. The cost of such litigation may well be
beyond the common man, and put him at a disadvantage against corporations with
time and deep pockets on their side. It is also disproportionate when compared
to the number of levels of appeal available for other criminal and civil
disputes that are heard before our courts.

Sir, I propose that appeals stop at the High Court, which is already a very
high level. Go to the Court of Appeal for very important questions of law of
public interest, and only then with leave of court.

Five, I would like to ask the Minister what effect the Bill is intended to
have on the common law of confidentiality. Is the Bill intended to codify or
to modify the common law?

For instance, Sir, let us look at clause 17(3) read with paragraph 1(m) of the
Fourth Schedule. It states that an organisation, in this case a licensed
healthcare institution, may disclose personal data about a current or former
patient to a public body for the purposes of policy formulation or review.

Under the common law, the physician treating the patient, as well as the
healthcare institution, is under an obligation to respect the confidentiality
of the patientâs information. Over and above that, the doctor has to comply
with the Singapore Medical Councilâs (SMC) Ethical Code and Ethical
Guidelines which also has stipulations about medical confidentiality. Such
disclosure would therefore have required expressed consent or a legal
requisition under the Statistics Act, under existing law.

Sir, to prevent confusion amongst professionals such as doctors and lawyers
and other individuals who may be obliged to respect confidences under the
common law and ethical codes, it may be helpful for the Commission to clarify
and provide guidance on the interaction between the Data Protection law on the
one hand, and common law and ethical obligations on the other.

Six, one of the questions posed by MICA during the public consultation was
whether the Bill should only cover organisations in Singapore, or whether
coverage should also extend to personal data collection and processing
activities in Singapore regardless of where the organisation is located. MICA
posed this question because it was concerned about the practical difficulties
of investigating complaints and enforcing the law against organisations with
no presence in Singapore.

I read through a sampling of the public responses on MICAâs website and the
majority of respondents, both corporations and individuals alike, felt that
the law ought to apply regardless of where the organisations were located, so
long as they were engaged in collecting, storing and using data here in
Singapore.

I fully agree. This provides a level playing field, ensures even-handed
protection of personal information, and is in line with the wider
jurisdictional reach of legislation such as the Computer Misuse Act. In any
event, the Commission can and should work with foreign data protection
regulators and law enforcement agencies given how easily data flows across
borders.

This seems to be the position taken in the Bill, as the term
âorganisationâ is defined in clause 2(1) as including entities whether or
not formed or recognised under Singapore law or resident or having an office
or place of business in Singapore. Could I seek Ministerâs clarification
that this is indeed the position taken in the Bill?

And, finally, Sir, on the Do-Not-Call (DNC) registry, which I am looking
forward to, I notice there is a defence in clause 43(3) of the Bill for those
who send marketing messages without checking the Registry. This defence
applies when the person sending the message can prove that the subscriber or
user of the number had given consent to the sending of the message.

Sir, I feel this defence may muddy and undermine the efficacy of the DNC
Registry. For instance, there could be a dispute as to whether the consent had
come first, or whether the registration had come first, or whether there was
even written consent in the first place. In my view, it would be much cleaner
to just state that if a number is placed by the member of the public on the
Registry, then no calls ought to be made to disturb his peace and quiet, full-
stop. Clause 43(3), Sir, therefore, ought to be deleted. Mr Speaker, Sir, with
that, I support the Bill.

5.22 pm

**Assoc Prof Fatimah Lateef (Marine Parade)** : Sir, it was not too long ago
when I received a phone call from one of the staff of a local bank who told
me, âMadam, are you currently in country X about to purchase a diamond and
ruby Cleopatra necklace which costs about S$400,000?â Well, of course, I was
not in country X. And, of course, he assisted in protecting my bank services,
terminating the card and saving my money.

Sir, this Bill is a first in Singapore but represents a landmark one. It is
timely, necessary and will only get more important with all the technology,
telecommunications and IT development we are facing this century. It will
assist with responsible use of personal data as well as guard customersâ
private details accordingly. Sir, I have no doubt our Government agencies will
lead the way in doing this.

Now, a few clarifications. For section 4 on the applications of the Act, when
it comes to foreign companies, private companies and MNCs, registered and
operating here in Singapore, what happens when these foreign companies use the
Singapore data and details overseas? How do we ensure the data is accorded the
same level of protection when transferred overseas? Now, some of these
companies may not have the appropriate contractual agreement as mentioned by
the Minister. So, how do we have this added protection that we really need and
also what about the data that has been collected prior to this Bill?

Now, pertaining to the global flow of information and cross border data abuse,
what will happen in such cases? For example, in the numerous transactions done
by Singaporeans such as booking of hotels overseas, signing up for
conferences, filing up application forms and many other similar examples, how
can Singapore citizens who have been affected seek redress?

Now, pertaining to the use of data on social networking sites such as
Facebook, blogs, and so on, does this constitute âpublishingâ the
information and data under this current Act?

Now, Sir, the Bill also has no specific reference to children under the age of
12 years. In the United States, for example, there is a Child Online Privacy
Protection Act (COPPA) enforced in the year 2000 for children under the age of
13 years. Should we, in Singapore, have some form of verifiable parental
consent for the collection of personal data of children or could children or
minors be given automatic protection in some ways?

Now, on another issue, Sir. Electronic medical records are certainly an
âinâ thing in Singapore in the way we are going forward with one patient,
one medical record. Patients seeking medical assistance from clinics and
institutions are in their most vulnerable moments and will certainly
automatically divulge information and data to those concerned. Now, healthcare
data is, indeed, very intimate, very personal, very private and extremely
confidential. We certainly need an utmost level of protection for these data.
Can I ask the Minister will there be any added layers or levels of protection
for certain data which are managed in the healthcare sector besides those that
are already available in the institutions?

Many organisations these days are requesting for data which include NRIC
numbers and, for example, the Peopleâs Association, too, now has upscaled
its criteria for awards and requires our grassroots leaders to collect
information, including NRIC number, for entry into a system to gauge the
outreach into the community. What is the Ministryâs take on this piece?

Also, data of condominium owners which are often publicised on public notice
boards by the MCST are easily accessible and available to people such as
property agents and housing agents who can use this information sometimes even
with very personalised brochures to residents living there. Will this Bill be
able to look at some alignment with the Land Strata Titles Act?

Now, Sir, assumed consent is quite different from formally taking informed
consent. Clear delineation is crucial to handle short-, medium-, as well as
long-term repercussions which may surface. At the same time, we need to have a
balanced and equilibrium approach to this issue.

I commend MICA on putting forth this maiden Bill. There will certainly be some
teething problems, but certainly we must move forward and continue to fine-
tune as we progress into the future. It is not going to be smooth sailing.
Certainly, data and information transactions have become a key part of our
lives today and, indeed, we all must handle this with utmost integrity and
ethics. Sir, with that, I support the Bill.

5.28 pm

**Mr Teo Siong Seng (Nominated Member)** : Mr Speaker, good afternoon. I would
like to first declare that I am the President of the Singapore Chinese Chamber
of Commerce & Industry, representing 4,000 corporate members and 145 trade
associations from a great diversity of trades, industries and service
providers.

Today, I would like to speak about the Bill which is up for a second reading.
There are two main sections in the Bill: the Personal Data Protection Act and
the Do-Not-Call registry.

On the Personal Data Protection Act, firstly, the move to establish this is an
important step to further enhance our position to build a trusted business and
information technology hub. The Act would help to prevent companies from using
personal data of individuals irresponsibly and without their knowledge or
express consent. We understand that such a personal data privacy law has been
enacted in the EU, Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia and the Philippines.

On the other hand, the implications of this Act can be far-reaching. It would
cover all industries because personal data also includes human resource
records. Therefore, the Act would affect industries including, but not limited
to, insurance, outsourced telephone marketing services providers, data storage
service providers, property, banks, financial institutions, health, medical,
security, etc. All industries which need to refer to or make use of personal
data to promote or expand their business would feel the impact. In the same
token, industries which need to refer to HR records of individuals for
recruitment purposes may face certain practical difficulties.

On Care of Personal Data, under Part VI, section 24, âAn organisation shall
protect personal data in its possession or under its control by making
reasonable security arrangements to prevent unauthorised access, collection,
use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.â

Companies would need to look for suitable security solutions to protect their
data. Because the Act does not provide clear perimeters for what is meant by
âreasonable security arrangementsâ, it would be open to certain
ambiguities. Multinational companies or large companies would most likely go
for the best solution and sometimes costly solutions to protect their
database, because they have the resources and can afford to do so, or may have
done so already.

On the other hand, the incremental cost of compliance to the new Act, in terms
of safeguarding the data and allocating the manpower to get it done, will be
so much higher for an SME to manage. Under Part III, section 11(3), the Act
states that âAn organisation shall designate one or more individuals to be
responsible for ensuring that the organisation complies with this Act.â
Under section 12(a), the Act also specifies that an organisation shall
âdevelop and implement policies and practices that are necessary for the
organisation to meet the obligations of the organisation under this Act.â

Firstly, the cost of purchasing a highly secure data management system may be
beyond their means. Secondly, with only a skeleton team managing
administration and operations, it may not possible for SMEs to devote another
headcount to handle compliance matters. Thirdly, in addition to the cost of
buying the security solutions and the cost of compliance, SMEs have to worry
about the consultancy and development costs to put in appropriate policies.

The compliance is not straightforward by any means. Organisations may also
allow individuals from outside to access their data and accede to the request
for individuals to correct their personal data. The organisations have to
manage their database in such a way that they could provide information on
which parties the individualâs personal data had been disclosed to within
the past year and be ready to communicate any corrections to them. At the same
time, organisations have to provide information on the ways the data has been
and may have been made use of. These are some of the onerous compliance
procedures that are not only time-consuming but also put undue obstacles in
the way of an SMEâs operations. Over and above their daily operational
matters, SMEs would now have to cope with compliance procedures to manage
their database.

There is a proposed sunrise period of 18 months before the law on personal
data protection will come into effect. The business community feels that 18
months is far too short for all companies and organisations to be ready. IT
solutions companies may not have sufficient resources to customise and install
suitable security measures for all Singapore companies within 18 months.

I would like to appeal on behalf of the business community for a longer
âsunrise periodâ, especially for the SMEs. We could stagger the âsunrise
periodâ, keeping the originally proposed 18 months for MNCs or large
companies and selected businesses like headhunters, insurance brokers and
marketing companies. Our proposal is to let smaller companies with less than
$10 million in annual revenue use the 18 months to draft appropriate
compliance policies, while the âsunrise periodâ can be extended by another
12 months. This would give them more breathing space for proper
implementation. The SMEs and IT solutions vendors could also learn from the
bigger companies on the implementation procedures and bring them up to speed.

At the same time, the financial penalty ânot exceeding $1 millionâ for
non-compliance is extremely heavy. This also gives rise to a certain
ambiguity. There is this ceiling of $1 million for the heaviest penalty but no
indication of what the lower range is likely to be. SMEs and MNCs are
operating on different scales altogether and we hope the financial penalty
would not be applied unilaterally irrespective of the size and scale of the
company.

Next, on the Do-Not-Call (DNC) registry which I also welcome personally. While
we are aware that the Do-Not-Call registry protects individuals against
unsolicited calls like spa packages, bank loans, facials, and other marketing
messages, we are concerned that this would become another additional cost for
businesses. There are three separate registers: phone calls, SMS/MMS, and fax.
Organisations would have to subscribe to the Do-Not-Call Registry for each
tier. A company wishing to send marketing messages would have to subscribe
with each separate register â for phone calls, SMS/MMS and fax. No details
have been given on the subscription fee or how it would be administered. We
seek more clarity on this, especially bearing in mind that business cost is
getting higher and higher in Singapore.

We also foresee that cumbersome nature of having organisations make renewed
checks with the DNC registry once in every âprescribed durationâ. Again,
this compounds to the costs of doing business. In particular, the SMEs will be
thrust into a difficult position of having to comply with such procedures, on
top of their usual heavy workload and cost.

The penalties per breach for the DNC, capped at $10,000, may be acceptable for
the big companies. But this is considered a very large amount for SMEs. We
would appeal to the Personal Data Protection Commission to review this amount
in all fairness to the SMEs. We also wonder if the penalty is commensurate to
the offence.

While the business community understands the rationale for having a Personal
Data Protection Act and the setting up of a DNC registry, it does introduce
many areas of concern, in terms of overall compliance, additional costs, heavy
penalties and an overarching impact on the SMEs.

We would also like to understand why the Personal Data Protection Act has now
removed the Data Protection Fund which was originally intended to provide
financing or incentives, including grants and scholarships, to any public
authority, enterprise, education institution, or other person undertaking or
facilitating any programme to promote data protection awareness or
implementation and running costs of the Commission. This Fund could have been
used to alleviate some of the operational and compliance costs for the SMEs. I
hope that these relevant concerns will be heeded. In closing, I support the
Bill.

5.37 pm

**Mr Ang Wei Neng (Jurong)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support of the Bill.
I will commence in Mandarin.

( _In Mandarin_ ): [ _For Mandarin speech, please refer to[Vernacular
Speeches](083_20121015_S0016_T0002.pdf)._] The Personal Data Protection Bill
comes at the right time. In todayâs internet world, personal data can easily
be stolen or misused by unscrupulous people. Singapore is unlike the EU, US,
Canada, Australia or New Zealand, where comprehensive consumer data protection
laws are in force. Quite often we receive un-invited calls, SMSes, or emails
trying to sell various products and services. The most annoying is a call like
this: âxxx, you are our bankâs valued customer; I call to recommend our
newest insurance products/loans.â Banks possess our personal data and they
vow to keep the information confidential. However, the banks pass our mobile
phone numbers to their agents and partners who in turn promote insurance
products we usually do not need. I believe many Members of the House might
have similar experiences!

Therefore, the Do Not Call registry will be welcomed by many people. Clause 40
of the Bill stipulates that customer can apply and register his telephone
number with the registry or to have the number removed from the registry in
the form and manner determined by the Commission (PDPC). I hope that PDPC can
simplify the application process. It would be ideal if we could allow
consumers to apply through phone, using any of the four official languages,
after simple authentication of identity. If the consumer subsequently decides
to pull out, I suggest the application to remove his number from the Registry
has to be made in writing. We do not want unscrupulous people or organisations
to take advantage of illiterate Singaporeans by persuading them to withdraw
from the Registry, or to withdraw on their behalf.

While we protect the consumers, we also need to provide some safeguards to
SMEs, so as to curb the cost of compliance. Section 3 of clause 11 mandates
that an organisation must designate an individual to ensure that the
organisation complies with the PDPA. For example, EU Data Protection Law
stipulates that organisations with over 250 staff must employ one dedicated
data protection officer. However, considering SMEsâ limited resources,
perhaps the Commission could consider establishing a consulting service to
help SMEs to comply with the requirements of PDPA at affordable fees.

In recent years, the technology of digital camera and video camera has
improved drastically while the costs remain affordable. Consequently, more and
more companies install surveillance camera on their premises to deter crime,
help solve customer disputes, etc. At this point of time, I would like to
declare my interest as I work in a Public Transport Organisation (PTO). We
operate trains and buses that are installed with CCTV. I understand that video
images recorded by surveillance cameras could be considered as personal data
and come under the ambit of the Bill. I agreed. Under clause 24 of the Bill,
an organisation shall protect the video images which include taking steps to
prevent the images from circulating on websites, such as YouTube, without
prior authorisation.

( _In English_ ): In the last part of my Mandarin speech, I said I am glad
that video images recorded by the surveillance cameras are considered as
personal data as the video images can identify an individual. I understand
that the Personal Data Protection Commission (PDPC) will be issuing guidelines
on the application of Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) to the use of CCTV
and surveillance cameras.

I suggest that the PDPC could take reference from the data protection
legislation in the EU when drafting the guidelines. For example, the
guidelines can require organisations to inform their customers or members of
the public about the presence of CCTV on their premises. They should also make
provision to protect the CCTV video recordings in their procession or under
their control by having reasonable security arrangements to prevent
unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification,
disposal and similar risks, as stated in clause 24 of the Bill.

At the same time, it is advisable that an organisation should only release the
CCTV recordings to public agencies, as defined in clause 2 of the Bill, and
not to individuals, especially with regard to law and order issues such as
allegation of thefts or assaults. This is because CCTV recordings, most of the
time, may reveal images of other individuals which could be construed as
personal data about these individuals and falls under the provision of clause
21, section (3)(c).

On the issue of transfer of personal data outside Singapore, I am disappointed
that the Bill does not sufficiently protect the consumer. Clause 26, section
1, states that an organisation shall not transfer any personal data to a
country or territory outside Singapore except in accordance with requirements
prescribed under the Bill. However, putting the onus on the organisations that
collect the data in Singapore to ensure that a comparable standard of
protection is accorded to the personal data transferred overseas is, in my
view, asking a fox to mind the chicken coop. Organisations and businesses will
be inclined to take the routes most beneficial to their own entities and
bottom line. To this end, I would urge the Minister to consider allowing
personal data to be transferred to a third country only if that country
provides an adequate level of protection, that is, at the country level rather
than at the firm level.

Lastly, I would like to ask the Minister whether the personal data and
information collected during the house visits and walkabouts by fellow Members
of the House, including myself, would fall under the purview of this Bill. I
am of the opinion that the same standards and regulations should apply but I
hope the Minister could elaborate.

5.44 pm

**Mr Patrick Tay Teck Guan (Nee Soon)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support
of this Bill which will help to safeguard individualsâ personal data against
misuse, ensuring the interests of our consumers and putting us on par with
advanced economies in terms of data protection laws. It is also good to note
that most organisations and companies will be subject to this baseline law in
ensuring compliance from the way customersâ data is collected to
establishing the accuracy of its data and defining its retention and usage
within and outside of Singapore.

A difficult challenge that this new Bill has to address is to balance between
satisfying the consumersâ need for information and to prevent the
infringement of their private space with spam e-mails, unsolicited SMSes and
calls. It seems to me that the measure before and after Personal Data
Protection (PDP) may sway to one or the other end for the caller and intended
recipient. Before the PDP is proposed, the intended recipient will usually be
hounded by sales or telemarketing calls often regarding banking, insurance or
property marketing. After the PDP and the Do Not Call registry (DNC) option
are implemented, will the majority of people list themselves on the DNC? It
may be easier and faster to reject the call than to list the organisation or
person under the DNC. If the calls are persistent, would enhancing harassment
laws not be a more effective deterrent? While the DNC is a good initiative, I
ask whether it will entirely solve the problem of nuisance calls or it will
just be a back-up option that is not fully utilised. The fact remains that
people do not even know how their personal data is compromised in the
business-to-business transactions of customer database.

I would like to provide the classic case of cold calls from property agents to
illustrate how seeking a balance for consumers can be tricky. The context of
the intended recipient will blur what should be considered as a breach of
personal data or what can be considered to a normal market transaction. For a
property owner who is looking to sell or rent his or her property, he or she
would welcome as many calls as possible by property agents, solicited or
unsolicited, to get the best price or quotation. He or she may even encourage
personal data to be passed on from one property firm to the other. Having sold
or rented the property, would the individual therefore regard further calls by
interested agents to be with or without âconsentâ? It may be difficult to
apply the DNC in such a broad stroke for the customer or consumer. From
another prospective, the new privacy laws will also add on to the burden of
businesses having to manage their clientsâ ever evolving needs.

Under the new Bill, it is stated that organisations shall not attempt to
obtain consent for collection or using personal data by deploying deceptive or
misleading practices. We know how easy it is to bypass this by dangling a
lucky draw to obtain personal details from the customer. By sharing my
personal particulars for the lucky draw, I may have only consented to its
usage for the lucky draw alone. I may not have agreed for the business to
share these details with other business associates. However, from the
companyâs perspective, they may have already regarded this as a broad
consent, which in most cases are explicitly stated upfront in a lucky draw
coupon. And for any of its intended commercial purposes such as promotion of
products through e-mails, tele-marketing, etc.

So, when the sales mechanism is activated, one may find oneself unwittingly
applying for a credit card or in the worst case signing away oneâs right for
our personal data to be used in any way that the company wants. While consent
can be withdrawn, it leads to much personal hassle which could have been
prevented with better consumer knowledge. How do we ensure consumers
understand the terms and conditions that they may have unwittingly agreed to?
How about those who are not able to read and understand the fine print well?
How does the new law draw the line in this case between promoting commerce and
protecting the interests of consumers? What would be considered as deceptive
and misleading practices? By putting forth these questions, I would like to
highlight that the challenges will be in the execution, implementation and
enforcement. This will include the criteria and the interpretation of the law
and rules even though consumers can apply to DNC or carry out withdrawal of
consent.

From the business perspective, the new legislation may have adverse effects on
the business if they are unable to handle the new privacy demands of their
customers well. I am equally concerned on the impact on the livelihood of the
many insurance and property agents as some of them may be freelance
professionals themselves. With the new Bill, it would be useful to have
supporting guidelines or guides in a succinct format, as to how these
industries, their stakeholders and individuals are to act in compliance with
the new laws and still be efficient and profitable. Perhaps, even the standard
form or format which is in legal compliance with the new law is circulated or
shared by the Ministry.

In terms of the exclusion list for this new Bill, public agencies do not have
to be subject to the rules under PDP. The apparent inconsistencies in the
application of rules are an immediate concern. We know that the Government has
its own set of data protection rules that public officers have to comply with.
These rules are said to be like the PDP itself and therefore an additional
layer of law is not needed.

In a similar vein, I put forward that would a not-for-profit organisation,
such as the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC) and 61 affiliated unions,
with the interests of workers in mind, not qualify to be exempted from the
PDP? Currently, for NTUC and our affiliated unions, we already have strict
internal controls as to how we manage the database of our members to protect
their privacy. My concern is whether the new laws will affect our outreach and
communications to our workers and members. At the same time, will the
Unionsâ organising efforts to engage more non-members in the public domain
be affected?

NTUCâs membership efforts need to be as wide-ranging and pervasive as
possible. While we understand that there is freedom of association, NTUC and
our affiliated unions would like to share our benefits effectively to the
working populace. It would be far easier to carry this out without the onerous
requirements now set out. NTUC as an inclusive Labour Movement can only play
the role of bringing different communities closer together. NTUC and our
affiliated unions are driven by a social cause and not for profits. Hence, I
submit that we should not be subject to these additional regulatory measures
intended for the private sector. I would like to strongly appeal for
organisations such as NTUC with a keen interest in workersâ welfare be
exempted from this new Bill and Act.

Having listed out the effects that PDP has on various stakeholders, it would
be good to consider the overall impact that PDP will bring to our society. The
establishment of the Personal Data Protection Commission (PDPC) is meant to
implement the law. However, with its wide-ranging powers, I am concerned about
the impact that it has on the civil rights of our people and commercial rights
of our businesses. Herein lies the challenge of the balancing act again â
how do we establish the genuine intention of fair business practices versus
the indiscriminate selling of customer databases from business to business. It
is important that while we will vest PDPC with its investigative powers such
as search without warrant, the composition of PDPC should reflect the diverse
perspectives of not just the Government but of businesses and civil rights
leaders. There should also be significant public and consumer education about
the appeal mechanism and the grounds for appeal.

It is important for us to be able to establish the desired outcomes that we
would like to see from the implementation of the PDP. The desired outcomes
should be inclusive to ensure win-win for consumers, businesses and protection
of the individualâs privacy. Once again, on behalf of Labour Movement, I
would like to seek the exemption of NTUC and our affiliated unions from this
Bill. Notwithstanding, I support this Bill to tighten the protection of our
personal data.

5.54 pm

**Mr R Dhinakaran (Nominated Member)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, today we are on the
verge of passing a landmark Act, which will make personal data more
confidential and safe. While I understand the need for such a Bill arose from
the plight of several unhappy residents of Singapore having being accosted by
strangers offering various unsolicited services, and the need for the law to
take a tough stand to dissuade such nuisance creators, it is important to
understand and think through the needless collateral damage we may be causing
with this Bill.

The Bill has tried to define personal data, its usage and various obligations
for the party holding on to this data. While the attempt has been towards
clarifying the usage and their implications, it will weave in a maze of legal
complexity into the subject. I wish to bring to highlight certain types of
challenges we are likely to face after this Bill is passed.

Firstly, I would like to illustrate the example of signing forms with
disclaimers like in the case of credit cards, etc, where most people sign on
the dotted line without going through the page full of clauses in detail and
in a very, very small letters. You need a kind of binoculars to go through the
details. They may have unknowingly permitted usage of their personal data for
marketing purposes, which the company is within legal bounds to use.

However, the customer may take offence under the present law claiming the
calls as violation of privacy and the business forced to prove that its calls
were legitimate. For small businesses, the legal and operational costs
incurred to prove that it was legally accorded the right to use the data by
the customer will be an over burden.

In addition, the businesses always grow in size and scope and it is very
natural for new add on services to emerge, keeping in view of its relevance to
its customer base. This results in the creation of newer business divisions,
entities and subsidiaries within the same parent group.

The Bill forbids usage of existing customersâ data between subsidiaries or
group companies unless explicitly collected for the use. This will lead to
severe duplication of efforts and maintenance of separate databases, marketing
team etc, and may even kill cross marketing efforts which drives increasing
productivity and even customer satisfaction. Of course it leads to higher
costs for businesses in duplicating the marketing efforts.

Furthermore, wilful wrong submissions of data by customers who want to protect
privacy but are also keen to have businesses reach out to them on offers is
not uncommon. Some people filling mandatory fields in an online form, with
fictitious email IDs and phone numbers. While these numbers may not be theirs,
it may be existing numbers of other people who have shown no interest in the
companyâs products or services but are now exposed to marketing calls
unwittingly. Is the business guilty on the count of breach of privacy?

The Bill states the need to preserve logs and usage of personal data for a
minimum period of one year. Is it practical to expect SMEs to maintain logs
for every marketing call they make if they do not use the services of a
sophisticated call centre? I am sure some small businesses may not have the
resources to engage such professional services for peripheral reasons or
spending additional resources in maintaining the data internally.

While the Bill requires data users to preserve sources of data, it allows
already available public data for use. What about customers who have detailed
online profiles giving personal contact particulars while also seeking privacy
or selectively signing consent for certain use? Does the public information
available overrule all the selective consents given? What if visiting cards
shared in business forums or meetings are used as a consent and implicit
interest in the companyâs products and services?

I would like to draw attention to the DNC database. This is the most direct
redressal of key grievances leading to the Bill. I am sure most of us receive
unsolicited calls typically trying to market unsolicited financial
instruments. We may want to join the DNC list out of frustration and
irritation. Having joined the list, it does not preclude any of us from being
enamoured by some exciting things we see or offers we like and therefore we
may register our interest for these services or goods.

However, if the business does really check the DNC registry, we should be
getting no communication. Is this what we want? Is this acceptable? Will we
not charge the retailer for not providing good services and not receiving the
communication despite registering for it? The fact that we have chosen to
enlist in DNC may have occurred in a different context and timeframe.

The DNC, being dynamic in nature, makes it even more onerous for businesses to
follow. Businesses may make a decision based on the status at a point in time,
only to be unwittingly violating it at the point of making the call should the
customer opt out of the DNC list by then. These are practical realities and
complexities. Moreover, the call roster to make calls at call centres is made
in advance.

Having spelt out a few instances of complexity and additional costs we may be
weaving into the existing practices, I would like to imagine brief immediate
recourse by businesses to avoid the maze of legal complexities the Bill may
bring about.

Today, in many western countries where a DNC registry is in place and personal
data protection law is in force, unsolicited calls are almost non-existent.
Businesses have adapted to use other communication channels to reach out to
their customers. These methods are largely generic and public channels. The
use of flyers is extremely high in these markets. Perhaps, while we would have
addressed the menace of unsolicited marketing approaches with a tedious to
implement data protection law, we may be unwittingly inviting more flyer
menace in our mailboxes. We may want to look and think about this well in
advance, especially when we are spending large amounts of resources to control
littering in our country!

At a time when we are looking at customised services and customised marketing,
the new Bill will increase costs significantly for database handling and
administration, making more of the smaller businesses to go back to blanket
marketing methods which will be easier and less costly.

The irony of this subject is that while we are annoyed by unsolicited
approaches, we are still keen to have the best offers to selectively reach us.
It is a choice to make between wants for better deals and offers, and the need
for privacy. A costly choice for the businesses, it is the price we are trying
to assign for the legal complexity we may be weaving into our lives which may
not address the real issue of breach of privacy as it may eventually lead to
other kinds of unsolicited approaches. Marketing, after all, is to create a
need where there is none, and it is the best possible when you reach out to a
target segment beyond your existing customer base.

Having made my point through the speech, I would like to acknowledge that
there is indeed a need to protect the privacy of our people and it should not
be abused by cold calls and unsolicited approaches. But I feel the approach we
are taking is perhaps more theoretical than keeping it simple, practical and
perhaps clinical. Some possible ways will include:

If there is indeed clamour in the market on unsolicited communication, it
would be perhaps best to analyse and segment the noise and address the
specifics alone. For instance, if financial marketing of loans and credit
lines are the majority of the breach of personal privacy, then an opt-out
option could be made compulsory before making the call.

To ensure that customersâ privacy is respected but at the same time he is
exposed to new products and services that may be of interest to him or her, we
should allow a less direct but personalised approach. A SMS to an intended
customer seeking permission to call for discussing an offer can be sent
together with an option to unsubscribe future messages and calls on a toll-
free basis will clearly avoid nuisance while giving the customer a choice with
minimum intrusion. A call should follow only having a reply from the customer
rather than a message where silence is implied as acceptance to the offer.

Imagine, if offers in supermarkets are not to be communicated to regular
buyers, how would the customers react for their favourite retailers not
communicating to them on bargain buys? Clearly, there is a distinction on what
we would want to hear and what we do not want to hear from the marketers. A
blanket approach may not be a good solution.

Besides, in case of disputing the intrusion by both parties, the resolution
would become an expensive and needless affair for both parties. What we need
to build in here is more a sense of responsibility to marketers and a clear
option for customers to opt out after been given a chance to understand what
is being offered.

This will ensure that the customer later does not cry hoarse that he was never
informed, while the fact would have been that he had opted out of all
marketing calls because he was irritated by one stray call for something he
did not want. A simple and balanced approach is the way to go forward than to
weave complexity and create more work for all parties, including the
judiciary. The cost-benefit analysis may also prove the complexity is
unworthy. On the whole, I support the Bill, Sir.

6.07 pm

**Mr Lim Biow Chuan (Mountbatten)** : Sir, I rise in support of the Bill. Over
the last few years, many consumers have complained about the proliferation of
unsolicited calls and SMSes which they received. These calls and SMSes
generally try to sell them a service or product which they did not ask for.
For example, I am not looking for a house. Yet, each month, I receive several
SMSes promoting the sale of houses and the launch of new housing developments.
In addition, I also receive cold calls from advertisers trying to sell me
hotel packages, financial products and timeshare package.

Sir, some of these calls were made at odd hours and some calls were made
whilst consumers were overseas. Many consumers complain that they get very
irritated each time they are overseas and received unsolicited calls or SMSes
from advertisers. They then may have to bear the extra overseas telecom
charges for these unsolicited advertising calls and SMSes. It is a waste of
their time and disruptive to their work to have to answer to such calls or to
read SMSes when they are busy or at a meeting.

I have also heard from a friend that once, when he tried to cut short the
telemarketer and said that he was not interested in the product, he received a
string of expletives and the caller then hung up the phone. Unfortunately, the
marketing call was made from an unlisted telephone number and he had no
recourse to complain.

Sir, the general consensus is that much of the information which is available
to commercial advertisers is derived from data which consumers innocently gave
whilst filling in forms for lucky draws, for some VIP or privilege cards or
completing survey forms. These data are then compiled and then traded for
sale. Thus, if we search the Internet, we will find that some 5,000 names can
be sold for as little as $250. In this computerised age, it is so easy to
replicate and sell the data list again and again to different organisations
trying to launch their new products or services. In fact, feedback from many
consumers suggest that their details are being circulated amongst timeshare
companies as these consumers receive repeated marketing calls from different
timeshare companies.

For these reasons, Sir, I strongly support the introduction of this Personal
Data Protection Bill. It is the right thing for the Government to regulate the
collection, use and disclosure of personal data and to ensure that once
collected, the data cannot be used for different purposes or reasons unless
express consent from the individual has been obtained.

I also support the setting up of the Do Not Call registry at Part IX of the
Bill. I accept, Sir, that there is a need to balance the social benefits and
economic advantages of some form of electronic advertising. It is also not in
the interest of society to absolutely ban all forms of electronic
advertisement, some of which may be educational in nature, some of which may
promote a charitable cause and some of which may be for research. Thus, the
definition of specified message at section 37 of the Bill with the exclusions
at the Eighth Schedule is acceptable for the moment. These may have to be
reviewed at a later date as technology and the norms of the world changes.

Sir, allow me to seek some clarifications on the Bill from the Minister.
Section 13 of the proposed Bill provides for the organisation to seek consent
from individuals before collecting, using or disclosing the personal data.
Section 20 provides for the organisation to notify the Individual the purpose
for collection of the personal data and any other purpose for the use or
disclosure of the data.

Sir, supposing an organisation buries details in small print in its lucky draw
or survey forms, that they are collecting the personal data for sale to third
parties and that the individual, by completing the form consents to the
disclosure and sale of the personal data, is that allowed under this law?

My concern is that many consumers do not actually read the small print which
may be found at the back of the page or that it is simply too small print.

Some years ago, when I bought a sofa set, I was given 15 lucky draw forms to
complete. At that time, my focus was simply to quickly fill in the forms, much
less read the small print terms and conditions. I have since stopped filling
in lucky draw forms.

Sir, section 22 of the Bill provides that an individual may request an
organisation to correct an error or omission in the personal data. May I ask
whether that individual can also request that his data be deleted?

Section 26 of the Bill provides that an organisation shall not transfer any
personal data to a country or territory outside Singapore except in certain
circumstances. Suppose a rogue organisation breaches this section and sells
all the personal data to another organisation outside Singapore, how would
such a breach be established? Secondly, if the buyer of such personal data
were then operate from overseas to trade in the data, what would the
Government do? With the current Internet technology, it is really not too
expensive to call from overseas using Internet platforms like Viber.

Sir, I do express concern about how pro-active is the Government in enforcing
the law because when the Spam Control Act was introduced in 2007, I spoke on
it, and I had some hopes that spam e-mails would be reduced. However, quite
honestly, I have seen little improvement to the situation. My e-mail and many
of my friendsâ e-mails still receive a large amount of spam e-mail weekly.

Next, Sir, section 28 of the Bill provides for the power of the Commission to
review certain complaints. Could the Commissionâs power to review be
extended to investigate a complaint by an individual that an organisation has
required the individual to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of
personal data beyond what is reasonable, or to review a complaint that an
organisation has not made reasonable security arrangements to prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure of personal data.

Section 32 of the Bill provides for a person who suffers loss or damage to
have the right of action for relief. Could the Minister clarify what kind of
loss or damage is envisaged before an individual may commence such an action?

Sir, finally, Part IX of the Bill, the Do Not Call registry, Minister had
earlier stated that there would be a separate register for facsimile messages.
May I know whether businesses can ask to be included in this Do Not Fax
registry so that they do not receive spam faxes. What about e-mails? If e-
mails are not included, would businesses resort to sending e-mails since they
are no longer allowed to make voice calls, SMSes or faxes.

Finally, Sir, I would urge for this law to be implemented as early as
possible. Otherwise, personal data collected may be traded before
implementation of the law, or maybe transferred out of Singapore before the
implementation date. Sir, I support the Bill.

6.15 pm

**Mr Gan Thiam Poh (Pasir Ris-Punggol)** : Mr Speaker, Sir, I rise in support
of this Bill. I appreciate the Ministryâs sincere efforts to take into
account the concerns of all stakeholders regarding personal data protection.
Not less than three rounds of public consultations were conducted between
September last year and this April. Members of the public and industries had
contributed close to 1,900 feedbacks regarding this protection framework, the
Do Not Call (DNC) registry and the proposed legislation. I would just like to
add a couple of points.

Firstly, with 97% of the respondents in the MICA poll supporting the idea of a
DNC registry, perhaps we should consider changing the registry to an âopt-
inâ list of phone and fax numbers instead. That is, only individuals who do
not object to being contacted by organisations seeking to provide goods and
services have to register for the list. The assumption is that the rest of the
population does not desire unsolicited calls, SMSes and faxes. I think this is
a more cost effective and efficient way. In addition, such a registry is more
considerate of the needs of the vulnerable members of our society, including
many elderly folks. Why should they be inconvenienced with the requirement of
opting-out registration? In fact, I suspect after the passing of the Bill,
telemarketers will end up targeting this group after the more savvy residents
had submitted their âopt-outâ applications.

Secondly, we have this problem of calls originating from call centres
overseas. May I ask the Minister to share with the House the legal
implications and enforcement measures for businesses with multiple call
centres in other jurisdictions, as this Bill only addresses organisations in
Singapore.

6.17 pm

**The Minister for Information, Communications and the Arts (Assoc Prof Dr
Yaacob Ibrahim)** : Thank you, Mr Speaker. First, I thank the many Members of
this House for their support for this Bill, and for sharing their thoughts on
important issues that this piece of legislation seeks to address. Sir, Members
have raised many different scenarios about the protection of individuals and
the concerns of organisations. The Bill is drafted to apply to all sectors in
the economy and necessarily contains broad and general principles. It will
therefore not be possible to give a definitive answer to each and every
scenario, as this would require an assessment of all the facts of the specific
case.

Sir, with this in mind, let me address the key themes and questions that
Members have brought up. One of the key issues that Members have brought up is
the issue of compliance costs, especially for SMEs. This is a key
consideration for us in developing this Bill. We have sought to mitigate
compliance costs for businesses where possible. Several requirements have been
adjusted to take into account the feedback and suggestions received from the
businesses during the public consultations period.

[Mr Deputy Speaker (Mr Charles Chong) in the Chair]

For example, Sir, the law will impose fewer obligations on organisations known
as âdata intermediariesâ, which process personal data on behalf of other
organisations. Measures are also in place to mitigate organisationsâ costs
for handling access requests. Business-to-business marketing calls and
messages are also excluded from the Do Not Call (DNC) registry so as not to
unduly hinder business-to-business marketing.

Sir, I would like to assure Members that we have been mindful to ensure the
Bill does not impose overly onerous requirements on our businesses, while
maintaining an adequate level of protection for our consumers. Nonetheless,
Sir, some costs are inevitable in complying with any new piece of legislation
or regulation.

Both Mr Zaqy Mohamad and Ms Low Yen Ling asked about training and financial
assistance to help our SMEs comply with the Act. Sir, to ease organisations
into the new law, the Bill provides a transition period of 12 to 18 months for
organisations to adjust their practices to comply with the DNC registry and
data protection requirements, respectively. During this period, the Personal
Data Protection Commission (PDPC) will focus on building up the capabilities
of organisations to comply with the Act. The PDPC will issue advisory
guidelines, provide educational materials as well as conduct education and
outreach activities to help both organisations and individuals better
understand the Act. These education and outreach activities will continue
beyond the transition period because it is in our interest to ensure that
everybody knows the Act well so that they can comply with it effectively and
efficiently.

Sir, there are also existing industry assistance schemes, such as IDAâs
iSPRINT scheme and SPRINGâs Innovation and Capability Voucher scheme, that
companies can potentially tap on to help defray costs in upgrading their
systems or processes to comply with the Act.

Sir, both Mr David Ong and Ms Jessica Tan rightly pointed out the need for a
framework that balances innovation and flexibility with the need to ensure
good data governance. A data protection regime can help promote business
innovation and enhance competitiveness. It was also observed that consumer
data, if appropriately used, can lead to better services and products that
help local businesses become more competitive. The Bill also supports
Singaporeâs development as a global data hub by providing a conducive
environment for global data management industries, such as cloud computing and
business analytics, to operate in Singapore.

Sir, Mr Desmond Lee asked how the Bill is envisaged to operate in relation to
common law principles. The Bill does not seek to change any right or
obligation conferred by or imposed under the common law, including the common
law principles of confidentiality and consent. The Bill does address a number
of issues that are not covered under the common law today. For example, the
common law does not have a general requirement that consent must be obtained
for the purpose for which personal data is collected, used or disclosed.

The Bill, as we have mentioned, is a baseline legislation that will operate
concurrently with other legislative and regulatory frameworks. Taking the
example of the health sector, medical records that contain personal data are
covered under the Bill. This includes personal data contained in electronic
health records. Doctors will need to follow the rules for collection, use,
disclosure, access and correction, and care when dealing with personal data in
medical records. In addition, Sir, other relevant laws, such as those under
the purview of the Ministry of Health, may also apply.

Several Members also commented on the definition of personal data. Mr Zaqy
Mohamad raised the concern that the definition is broad and vague and may not
cover information such as a personâs salary and religious preferences. As
one can tell from the different situations that Members have raised, it is
necessary for the definition to be sufficiently broad to allow the Bill to
apply to differing circumstances. The definition adopted in the Bill
encompasses any data that can identify an individual, and it will cover the
examples cited by the Member. The definition also covers personal data
recorded in both electronic and non-electronic formats.

Mr Ang Wei Neng spoke about CCTVs. The Bill covers CCTV recordings to the
extent that images of identifiable people are captured. However, imagery
captured by CCTV in public places may be considered as âpublicly
availableâ personal data, and can be collected, used or disclosed without
consent. However, for CCTV surveillance at private premises, consent would
generally be required unless other exceptions apply. In such cases, it may
suffice to notify individuals through the placement of signs that CCTVs are
monitoring the premises. The PDPC will provide more detailed guidance on the
use of CCTV and surveillance cameras in due course.

Sir, several Members asked how the Bill will apply to personal data posted
online, such as social networking sites and blogs. Online sites, including
social networking sites and blogs, may be considered âpublicly availableâ
sources depending on the circumstances. The collection, use or disclosure of
âpublicly availableâ data will not require the consent of the individual
concerned.

On Mr Zaqy Mohamadâs suggestion to cover cyber-bullying and other
undesirable online behaviour, the Bill is concerned with regulating the
management and the protection of personal data. It does not govern other
actions of individuals online. This would be more appropriately addressed by
other laws.

Sir, several Members asked about the application of the Bill to foreign
organisations operating in Singapore, and ensuring personal data transferred
overseas are accorded the same level of protection. The Bill will apply to any
organisation that collects, uses or discloses personal data in Singapore. This
includes foreign companies operating in Singapore.

We are not adopting a prescriptive approach of restricting transfers of
personal data to countries that have an adequate level of data protection.
Instead, the Bill adopts a âprinciple-basedâ approach, where the onus will
be on the organisation in Singapore to put in place measures, such as
contractual arrangements, to ensure a comparable standard of protection is
accorded to personal data transferred overseas. Therefore, there is no need to
further burden our organisations with disclosing to consumers where copies of
their personal data will be transferred to.

Sir, the Bill applies to all organisations across the private sector,
regardless of whether they have commercial or non-commercial aims, such as
NTUC. This is important as it will assure the public that there is a minimum
set of data protection rules applied consistently across the private sector
and foster greater trust.

The Bill does not cover the public sector as it already has its own set of
data protection rules that all public officers must comply with. These rules
are guided broadly by the same principles under the Bill. Statutory provisions
in several Acts also regulate the collection, use and disclosure of
information by the public sector. These ensure that public agencies and
officials are subject to responsibilities to maintain confidentiality and
protection of personal data, while enabling them to carry out their statutory
functions in an effective and accountable manner.

All Ministries, Statutory Boards and Organs of State are required to comply
with the public sector rules with regard to Data Protection. The Government
takes steps to ensure that officers comply with Government policies and
regulations, including Data Protection, for example audits may be carried out,
and where there are cases raised to the Government, these will be investigated
and officers who are found to have violated these regulations may be
disciplined according to the Public Service Disciplinary Regulations. Agencies
have mechanisms and processes in place to receive and address complaints or
enquiries about Governmentâs policies and procedures relating to the
handling of personal data. In relation to individualâs access and correction
rights, individuals can also request.

Sir, I understand that individuals may also request Government agencies to
correct inaccurate personal information held by the agencies. I would also
like to reiterate that personal data held by Government agencies are protected
by appropriate security safeguards against accidental or unlawful loss, as
well as unauthorised access, use or disclosure. This is regardless of the
format in which the personal data is kept.

Mr Ang Wei Neng touched on how the Bill will apply to Members of Parliament,
or MPs. In general, Sir, MPs are required to comply with the requirements
under the Bill when collecting, using or disclosing personal data in the
course of their work. In certain cases where an individual voluntarily
provides his personal data to the MP for a purpose, such as for the MPâs
assistance, consent may be deemed to be given for the MP to pass the personal
data to a relevant organisation for the purposes of providing assistance.
Where the MP is acting on behalf of a public agency, the public sector rules
will apply.

Sir, Mr Desmond Lee asked about the exceptions provided in the Second to
Fourth Schedules. These are based on the overarching intent of ensuring
adequate protection for individuals without placing onerous burdens on
organisations to comply with the law. They also take into account
international practice and Singaporeâs context. For example, exceptions
apply in certain circumstances or situations where obtaining consent for the
collection, use or disclosure of personal data may not be feasible. Such
situations include collection of personal data for life-threatening
emergencies. Exceptions are also necessary to enable certain organisations to
effectively perform their functions, such as investigations or legal
proceedings.

Sir, let me now address some of the queries on specific situations. Sir, as I
mentioned earlier, how the Bill applies will depend on the facts and
circumstances of the case. In the example of the lucky draw forms, mentioned
very often today, including by Mr Patrick Tay, that if the organisation had
clearly stated on the lucky draw form that the personal data provided would be
used for the purposes of contacting the individual to market certain products,
then the organisation would be able to use it for those purposes. So I advise,
in future, that you read the fine print. If, however, there was no mention of
the marketing purpose, then it is likely the organisation will be in breach of
the provisions if they use the data for marketing activities.

Likewise, for the example of the use of the NRIC details raised by Assoc Prof
Fatimah Lateef, organisations should consider if collecting a personâs NRIC
number is reasonable for the purpose, and obtain the individualâs consent.
For example, if the organisation needs to verify the individualâs identity
to provide certain services, such as for admission to a hospital or to check
on his health insurance, it may be reasonable to require the individual to
provide his NRIC details to prove his identity.

Sir, several Members raised the need to provide for special groups of people
such as children and the mentally incapacitated. Members may wish to note that
the details of persons who may act for minors and the extent to which they can
exercise their rights or powers of such individuals will be set out in the
subsidiary legislation subsequently.

The Bill is designed to allow sectoral legislation to provide higher level of
protection on top of its baseline requirement. Additional protection for other
special groups that is required can thus be catered for by sector-specific
laws. I take Ms Low Yen Ling and Assoc Prof Fatimah Lateefâs point that
childrenâs personal data will be an increasingly important issue, as tools
and platforms for collecting childrenâs data become more prevalent.

The Bill, Sir, is a first step in putting in place a basic personal data
protection regime for Singapore. We will continue to review and adjust the
legislation to address additional areas of concerns where necessary.

Sir, several Members raised queries about the Do Not Call or the DNC registry.
Allow me to clarify some of these concerns. Mr Dhinakaran raised concerns
about the DNC registryâs impact on organisation practices. Today, nothing
prevents organisations from freely collecting, using, sharing, or selling
consumersâ personal data without consent. The Bill imposes the necessary
requirement on how organisations may collect, use or disclose personal data so
as to protect individuals from the misuse of their personal data.

To clarify a point mentioned by Mr Dhinakaran, the Bill does not prohibit the
sharing of personal data between entities, as long as consent is obtained.
This approach strikes a balance between allowing organisations to share
personal data and allowing individuals to decide how their data may be used.
The Bill also does not prescribe a retention period for personal data. It only
states that organisations should not retain personal data when such retention
no longer serves the purposes for which the data was collected. It does not
make business sense -- if you do not use it, delete it. This is in recognition
that the appropriate retention period will vary according to the legal or the
business needs of each organisation.

Requirements of the DNC registry are not as complex as some Members may
perceive. Organisations that send marketing messages must check their contact
list with the DNC registry within the prescribed period before sending the
message. A 60-day checking interval will be prescribed for the first six
months of the DNC registryâs operation. Thereafter, we will reduce the
checking interval to 30 days. An organisation will not be in breach of the
rules if it sends marketing messages to individuals who register their numbers
within the interval period, after the organisation has checked with the DNC
registry. So if you check on day one and his number is not there on the
registry, you can send a marketing message to him. On day two, he enters his
number in the registry. This is still within the prescribed period. However,
this individual should not receive any marketing messages after the 60-day or
30-day interval. Organisations may still send marketing messages to registered
members if they have obtained clear and unambiguous consent to do so, in
written or other accessible form.

In the examples raised by Members, seeking consent to use personal data using
general or vaguely-worded clause, buried within pages of other terms and
conditions, is unlikely to be considered clear and unambiguous consent. This
may not comply with the requirement to notify individuals of the purposes of
collecting, using or disclosing their personal data and could also be
considered a misleading or deceptive practice prohibited under the Bill.
Organisations should also retain the records of consent that its customers
have given, to indicate that they can be contacted for telemarketing. This is
a practical way for organisations to demonstrate that they are compliant with
the law.

Sir, Mr Zaqy Mohamad and Mr Lim Biow Chuan made a valid observation about
telemarketing calls originating overseas. Similar concerns of the abuse of
personal data by overseas organisations were also raised. While the PDPC may
seek to enforce the Act against overseas organisations, in reality it may be
difficult to investigate and proceed with any enforcement action against such
organisations. Recognising this limitation, clause 37 provides the ability to
enforce against any local organisation that authorises sending of the
marketing message. So, this will mitigate the problem as marketing messages
targeting Singapore telephone numbers are likely to involve goods and services
by organisations with a local presence. The Bill also contemplates that the
PDPC may establish arrangements with foreign data protection regulators, which
may include cross-border co-operations.

Sir, Asst Prof Eugene Tan asked about covering e-mails under the scope of the
DNC registry. We have decided not to include e-mails as unsolicited e-mails
can be blocked through e-mail filters and cause less of a nuisance to delete
when received as compared to phone calls in the wee hours of the morning,
SMSes and fax messages which are more difficult for the individuals to filter
out. A significant proportion of spam e-mails also originate from overseas,
which makes it difficult for any enforcement action to be taken, even if the
e-mail messages were to be included.

Sir, I take the point raised by Mr Dhinakaran that the DNC registry may lead
to more organisations using mass marketing channels such as direct mailers and
flyers. Sir, I would suggest that the DNC registry will better focus
organisationsâ telemarketing efforts. This is because the DNC registry
allows them to effectively target a group of consumers who are genuinely
interested in receiving information on products and services, and eliminate
time and resources wasted on those who do not wish to receive such
information. It should drive more positive behaviour rather than negative
behaviour.

Individuals who change their minds can withdraw their numbers from the DNC
registry using a similar method as registration. The process could be as
simple as calling a number, using the phone of which the telephone number is
to be registered or deregistered, or filling up an online form.

Sir, several Members raised the possibility of organisations taking advantage
of the transition period to collect and use personal data. Do not forget the
public also know that the Bill is coming. So they should be more cautious.

Sir, the Bill has taken the approach of protecting individualsâ personal
data without imposing overly onerous requirements on organisations. Requiring
organisations to notify or deem consent from individuals for all personal data
previously collected, would be too onerous. The Bill, therefore, takes a
balanced approach by allowing organisations to use the personal data collected
before their appointed date for the purpose for which it is collected,
provided the purposes are reasonable. After the law comes into effect,
individuals can withdraw consent that was previously given. These measures
will help protect consumers from those who seek to use the transition period
to misuse personal data before the law comes into effect.

Sir, several Members also requested for staggered transition periods. Ms
Jessica Tan proposed different sunrise periods for 12 months for large
businesses and two years for small businesses. We have proposed a single
sunrise period for at least 18 months for all organisations, regardless of
size, in order to minimise confusion and perhaps keep implementation simple
and effective.

Differential treatment for small companies in some jurisdictions was found to
have added to the complexities of implementation. During the sunrise periods,
the PDPC will conduct awareness-building activities for both businesses and
consumers, in relation to their rights and obligations under the regime. These
activities will be targeted at enhancing organisationsâ ability to comply
with the PDPA when it comes into effect.

Sir, several Members touched on the issue of enforcement and implementation.
The Bill provides the PDPC with a range of powers to enforce the Act
effectively. It adopts what we call a complaints-based approach to enforcement
and the PDPC will have the powers to initiate investigation or investigate if
a complaint is lodged. It will have the power to investigate potential non-
compliance and the power to issue directions to organisations to correct their
non-compliance. In enforcing the law, the PDPC is expected to act on cases in
a timely manner and may issue advisory guidelines on its procedures and
associated timelines in due course.

Mr Desmond Lee expressed concern about the dispute resolution and the appeal
process being cumbersome. The approach, Sir, takes into consideration that a
large majority of cases are likely to be resolved early, which may not require
a decision by the PDPC. However, in instances where the PDPC is required to
investigate and take enforcement action against an organisation, the appeals
process allows for a quicker resolution through reconsideration while
providing aggrieved parties the appropriate avenues to appeal to an
independent appeal body. Further appeals to the High Court and the Court of
Appeal are allowed on points of law or on the amount of the financial penalty
imposed. Sir, this is in line with other laws such as the Competition Act.

Sir, Mr Patrick Tay and Ms Jessica Tan spoke on the role of the composition of
the PDPC. As mentioned in my earlier speech, the PDPC will serve as
Singaporeâs main authority on matters relating to personal data protection.
It will also undertake education and outreach activities to promote public
awareness of personal data protection in Singapore. An advisory committee will
be appointed to provide advice to the PDPC. It will comprise members of the
industry, members of the public and civil society. The exact composition of
the PDPC and the advisory committee will be firmed up and announced in due
course, if the Bill is passed.

Sir, the Bill is not intended to be overly prescriptive as it applies to all
sectors of the economy. To provide greater clarity on the interpretation and
the application of the Act, the PDPC will issue advisory guidelines which will
be developed in consultation with the industry. Public education will also be
key as some Members have highlighted and in this regard, the PDPC will reach
out to the public, including our young children and schools, to raise
awareness to the importance of personal data protection. So, while the Bill
puts in place safeguards to protect consumersâ personal data, ultimately,
individuals will have to take responsibility for their own personal data.

Sir, as you can see from the broad range of issues raised by Members of the
House, from consumers and business interests to national and international
considerations, we can appreciate the complexities of the issue of personal
data protection and the importance of striking a balance within the various
considerations. Sir, the issues that Members have raised are among the myriad
issues we have considered in formulating a model that takes into account the
interests of different stakeholders and Singaporeâs needs. We also recognise
the interests and circumstances may change. We will, therefore, need to
continue to review and adjust the law to address new and emerging issues. As
the Chinese proverb says â I will have to say this in English, Sir â
âThe journey of a thousand miles begins with one stepâ. Members of this
House will agree that this is an important legislation and a significant step
forward for Singapore, and I hope they can support the Bill, Sir.

Question put, and agreed to.

Bill accordingly read a Second time and committed to a Committee of the whole
House.

The House immediately resolved itself into a Committee on the Bill. - [Assoc
Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim].

Bill considered in Committee.

[Mr Deputy Speaker in the Chair]

_Clauses 1 to 68_ inclusive ordered to stand part of the Bill

_First Schedule_ ordered to stand part of the Bill.

_Second Schedule_ -

**The Chairman** : The Second Schedule. Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob

**Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim** : Sir, there are two amendments to the Second
Schedule, as indicated on the Order Paper Supplement. As both amendments are
related, may I seek your leave to move both amendments together?

**The Chairman** : Please do so.

**Assoc Prof Dr Yaacob Ibrahim** : Sir, I beg to move,

(1) In page 57, line 20, before "the", to insert "subject to paragraph 2,".

New Paragraph (A):

(2) In page 58, after line 27, to insert â

"2. In this paragraph and paragraph 1(h)

"broadcasting service" has the same meaning as in section 2 of the
Broadcasting Act (Cap. 28);

"news activity" means â

(a) the gathering of news, or the preparation or compilation of articles or
programmes of or concerning news, observations on news, or current affairs,
for the purposes of dissemination to the public or any section of the public;
or

(b) the dissemination, to the public or any section of the public, of any
article or programme of or concerning â

(i) news;

(ii) observations on news; or

(iii) current affairs;

"news organisation" means â

(a) any organisation â

(i) the business of which consists, in whole or in part, of news activity
carried out in relation to a relevant broadcasting service, a newswire service
or the publication of a newspaper; and

(ii) which, if the organisation publishes a newspaper in Singapore within the
meaning of section 8(1) of the Newspaper and Printing Presses Act (Cap. 206),
is required to be a newspaper company within the meaning of Part III of that
Act; or

(b) any organisation which provides a broadcasting service in or from
Singapore and holds a broadcasting licence granted under section 8 of the
Broadcasting Act;

"newspaper" has the same meaning as in section 2 of the Newspaper and Printing
Presses Act;

"relevant broadcasting service" means any of the following licensable
broadcasting services within the meaning of the Broadcasting Act:

(a) Free-to-air nationwide television services;

(b) Free-to-air localised television services;

(c) Free-to-air international television services;

(d) Subscription nationwide television services;

(e) Subscription localised television services;

(f) Subscription international television services;

(g) Special interest television services;

(h) Free-to-air nationwide radio services;

(i) Free-to-air localised radio services;

(j) Free-to-air international radio services;

(k) Subscription nationwide radio services;

(l) Subscription localised radio services;

(m) Subscription international radio services;

(n) Special interest radio services.".

Sir, as mentioned in my speech earlier, this amendment will provide a clear
definition of what constitute news activities, the news organizations, to
which the exception from the requirement to obtain consent for the collection
of personal data will apply to. The intent of this exception provided in the
_Clause_ 1(h) of the _Second Schedule_ , is to enable the legitimate
collection of personal data without consent for news gathering activities by
organisations that are in the business of news, while providing some
protection to members of the public from potential misuse and unwarranted
publishing of personal data by other organisations.

_Amendments agreed to._

**The Chairman** : Consequential amendments will be made.

(1) In page 58, line 13, to renumber paragraph 2 as paragraph 3.

(2) In pages 58 and 59, to renumber paragraphs 2 and 3 as paragraphs 3 and 4,
respectively.

_The Second Schedule_ , as amended, ordered to stand part of the Bill.

_The Third to Ninth Schedules_ inclusive ordered to stand part of the Bill.

Bill reported with amendments; read a Third time and passed.

