[A Singapore Government Agency Website](https://www.gov.sg "Singapore
Goverment Website")

[![PDPC Logo](/-/media/PDPC/logo.png)](/ "Personal Data Protection
Commission")

Search

  * [ Who We Are](/Who-We-Are)
  * [ Overview of PDPA](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act)
    * [The Legislation](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation)
      * [PDPA Overview](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act)
      * [Enforcement of the Act](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Enforcement-of-the-Act)
      * [Exemption Requests](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Exemption-Requests)
    * [Data Protection](/Overview-of-PDPA/Data-Protection)
      * [Business Owner](/Overview-of-PDPA/Data-Protection/Business-Owner)
      * [Individual](/Overview-of-PDPA/Data-Protection/Individual)
    * [Do Not Call Registry](/Overview-of-PDPA/Do-Not-Call-Registry)
      * [Business Owner](/Overview-of-PDPA/Do-Not-Call-Registry/Business-Owner)
      * [Individual](/Overview-of-PDPA/Do-Not-Call-Registry/Individual)
  * [ Enforcement Decisions](/Enforcement-Decisions)
  * [ News & Events](/News-and-Events)
    * [Announcements](/News-and-Events/Announcements)
    * [Press Room](/News-and-Events/Press-Room)
    * [Events](/News-and-Events/Events)
  * [ Guidelines & Consultations](/Guideline-and-Consultation-Menu)
    * [Advisory Guidelines](/Guidelines-and-Consultation?type=advisory-guidelines)
    * [Sector Specific Guidelines](/Guidelines-and-Consultation?type=sector-specific-advisory-guidelines)
    * [Company Specific Issued Guidance](/Guidelines-and-Consultation?type=industry-led-guidelines)
    * [Practical Guidance](/Guidelines-and-Consultation?type=practical-guidance)
    * [Public Consultations](/Guidelines-and-Consultation?type=public-consultations)
    * [Guides](https://www.pdpc.gov.sg/Help-and-Resources?keyword=&persona=dp-professional&topic=all&type=guides&page=1)
  * Help & Resources
    * [Business Owner](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/Resource-Business-Owner)
    * [DP Professional](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/Resource-DP-Professional)
    * [Individual](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/Resource-Individual)
    * [FAQs](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/FAQs)
      * [Business Owner](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/FAQs/Business-Owner)
      * [DP Professional](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/FAQs/DP-Professional)
      * [Individual](/Help-and-Resources-Menu/FAQs/Individual)

Toggle search bar Toggle mobile menu

Search

  * [Home](/)
  * [Overview of PDPA](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act)
  * [The Legislation](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation)
  * [PDPA Overview](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act)

## PDPA Overview

### What is Personal Data?

Personal data refers to data about an individual who can be identified from
that data, or from that data and other information to which the organisation
has or is likely to have access.

### What is the PDPA?

The Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) provides a baseline standard of
protection for personal data in Singapore. It complements sector-specific
legislative and regulatory frameworks such as the Banking Act and Insurance
Act.

It comprises various requirements governing the collection, use, disclosure
and care of personal data in Singapore.

It also provides for the establishment of a national Do Not Call (DNC)
Registry. Individuals may register their Singapore telephone numbers with the
DNC Registry to opt out of receiving unwanted telemarketing messages from
organisations.

### Objectives of the PDPA

The PDPA recognises both the need to protect individuals’ personal data and
the need of organisations to collect, use or disclose personal data for
legitimate and reasonable purposes.

A data protection regime is necessary to safeguard personal data from misuse
and to maintain individuals’ trust in organisations that manage their data.

By regulating the flow of personal data among organisations, the PDPA also
aims to strengthen Singapore’s position as a trusted hub for businesses.

### Scope of the PDPA

The PDPA covers personal data stored in electronic and non-electronic formats.

It generally does not apply to:

  * Any individual acting on a personal or domestic basis.
  * Any individual acting in his/her capacity as an employee with an organisation.
  * Any public agency in relation to the collection, use or disclosure of personal data.
  * Business contact information such as an individual’s name, position or title, business telephone number, business address, business email, business fax number and similar information.

### Data Protection Obligations

Organisations are required to comply with the various data protection
obligations if they undertake activities relating to the collection, use or
disclosure of personal data. Learn more about the obligations
[here](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act/Data-
Protection-Obligations).

### Development of the PDPA

  
|

**2013**

Establishment of the PDPC on 2 January.  
  
---|---  
  
**2014**

The DNC Registry provisions came into force on 2 January and the main data
protection rules on 2 July.  
  
**2020**

Amendments to the PDPA passed on 2 November.  
  
**2021**

Amendments to the PDPA took effect in phases from 1 February.  
  
### The Act

  * [Personal Data Protection Act 2012](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/PDPA2012)
  * [Info-communications Media Development Act 2016](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/Act/IMDAA2016)

#### Regulations

  * [Personal Data Protection (Composition of Offences) Regulations 2021](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S70-2021/Published/20210129?DocDate=20210129)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Do Not Call Registry) Regulations 2013](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/PDPA2012-S709-2013?DocDate=20150529)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Enforcement) Regulations 2021](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S62-2021/Published/20210129?DocDate=20210129)
  * [Personal Data Protection Regulations 2021](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S63-2021/Published/20210129?DocDate=20210129)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Appeal) Regulations 2021](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S65-2021/Published/20210129?DocDate=20210129)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Notification of Data Breaches) Regulations 2021](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S64-2021/Published/20210129?DocDate=20210129)

#### Other Subsidiary Legislation

  * [Personal Data Protection (Statutory Bodies) Notification 2013](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/PDPA2012-S149-2013?DocDate=20180329)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Prescribed Law Enforcement Agencies) Notification 2014](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/PDPA2012-S368-2014?DocDate=20140521)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Prescribed Law Enforcement Agency) Notification 2020](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/PDPA2012-S272-2020?DocDate=20200414)
  * [Personal Data Protection (Prescribed Healthcare Bodies) Notification 2015  
](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL/PDPA2012-S90-2015?DocDate=20150227)

Parties to civil proceedings relating to the PDPA may also wish to refer to
the Rules of Court 2021, Order 57.

  * [Rules of Court 2021, Order 57](https://sso.agc.gov.sg/SL-Supp/S914-2021/Published/20211201?DocDate=20211201&ProvIds=P12-PO57-#P12-PO57-)

Share

  *   *   *   *   * 

To offer you a better experience, this site uses cookies. Read more about
cookies in our [Privacy Statement.](/Privacy-Statement)

Close

Back to top of page

### Personal Data Protection Commission

  * [Home](/)
  * [Who We Are](/Who-We-Are)
  * [Overview of PDPA](/Overview-of-PDPA/The-Legislation/Personal-Data-Protection-Act)
  * [Help and Resources](/Help-and-Resources)
  * [News & Events](/News-and-Events)
  * [Guidelines & Consultations](/Guideline-and-Consultation-Menu)

  * [Contact Us](/Contact-Us)
  * [FAQs](/FAQ-Listing)
  * [Sitemap](/Sitemap)

  * [](https://www.facebook.com/pdpcsg "facebook Icon")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/pdpcsg/ "instagram Icon")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pdpc/ "linkedin Icon")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/user/PDPCSingapore "youtube Icon")

  * [Report Vulnerability](https://www.tech.gov.sg/report_vulnerability)
  * [Privacy Statement](/Privacy-Statement)
  * [Terms and Conditions](/Terms-and-Conditions)

© 2023 Personal Data Protection CommissionLast updated 19 Apr 2023

