Skip Navigation

[ ![Cultural Atlas](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/inclusion_assets/CA-
logo.svg) ](/)

[ Join Us ](/#join-us)

  * [Cultures](/countries)
  * [Religions](/religions)
  * [Glossary](/glossary)
  * [Training and Resources](https://enquiries.inclusion-program.com.au/ca-training-resources?utm_campaign=ca_cta_topnav&utm_content=topnav&utm_medium=website&utm_source=cultural_atlas)
  * [About](/about)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

[Give Us Feedback](/feedback)

![](http://culturalatlas.sbs.com.au/rails/active_storage/blobs/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaHBBb0VEIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19
--ba058549d37eb363c8713a810bd1c8bacae49d00/Myanmar.webp)

#  Myanmar (Burmese) Culture

![](/packs/media/images/icons/ic_location-
white-47f626f9d169126efa69ffef1a1ddf65.svg)

Myanmar

##  Do's and Don'ts

Primary Author

Nina Evason,  2017

### Do’s

  * Remember that ‘Bamar’ (or ‘Burman’) and ‘Burmese’ are not the same. A Bamar is a member of the majority ethnic group. ‘Burmese’ refers to citizenship or the language. People from minority ethnic groups can be very offended if one equates the two terms or implies that only Bamar can be Burmese. This exclusion can be deeply hurtful and referential to the real persecution people have experienced.
  * Refer to people by their chosen identity. Many from ethnic minorities may not actually want to be referred to as ‘Burmese’ and will prefer to use their ethnic identity, e.g. Karen, Chin, Rohingya. The Karen people may be particularly opposed to being called Burmese.
  * Be sensitive to the reality that many Burmese living in other countries may have experienced trauma of some kind. This includes abuse by security forces, witnessing the death of family members, forced separation from family and impoverishment from a lack of basic resources. Political dissidents may have experienced interrogation, imprisonment or even torture.
  * Consider that upfront honesty is not always appreciated. The Burmese are generally quite discreet unless they know someone very well.
  * If discussing a sensitive topic, add lots of reassurance throughout conversation to put your Burmese counterpart at ease.
  * Expect to be asked where you are going, when you last ate and what you are doing quite often. This is a cultural norm and is not intended to be intrusive.
  * Dress modestly with your shoulders, chest and upper thigh covered.

  

### Don'ts

  * Do not assume that a Burmese person’s visible behaviour will indicate how they really feel. They generally have a very sunny demeanour – smiling and laughing a lot – which can lead foreigners to believe they are unaffected by conversation. In some cases, foreigners can feel overly reassured by a Burmese person’s cheerfulness and jump to the conclusion that they’re comfortable enough to joke about, criticise or discuss things that actually offend or hurt their counterpart more than they realise.
  * Avoid being openly critical or pointing out mistakes. The Burmese tend to take criticism quite personally. For example, if they have taken you to a restaurant and you do not like a dish served, commenting on its quality may be taken as a comment on their skills as a host even though they did not prepare the dish. Such occurrences can quickly cause a Burmese person to lose face.
  * Do not push a Burmese person to talk about politics. Though the situation is improving in Myanmar, decades of censorship and persecution created a culture of silence. Free speech is not taken for granted and some Burmese may still feel uncomfortable telling you their opinion out of fear for the consequences, especially if they have family remaining in Myanmar.
  * Do not eat food or drinks that have been left out as spiritual offerings.
  * Avoid complaining unless it is totally necessary. Many Burmese have endured a lot of hardship and are very stoic about their problems. Whinging is frowned upon.
  * Do not raise your voice or lose your temper. Losing control of one’s emotions even in the most frustrating situations is a sign of poor upbringing and is likely to make you lose face in a Burmese person’s eyes.
  * Avoid talking about yourself too much or boasting. The Burmese are especially humble people.

Get a downloadable PDF that you can share, print and read.

[ Buy Now | $9.00 ](https://buy.stripe.com/5kA6rKgINcXl7rW5mb)

__ Guaranteed secure ![stripe badge](/assets/stripe-badge-
fb2bba3f52bfde7bcbb5259b479508b4b44043ebdaf35fdfbae88e9387e681e4.svg)

[

A unified, searchable interface answering your questions on the world's
cultures and religions

Sign up for free __ ](https://enquiries.inclusion-program.com.au/ca-training-
resources?utm_campaign=ca_cta_sidebar&utm_content=cta&utm_medium=website&utm_source=cultural_atlas)

The Cultural Atlas team acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands
throughout Australia on whose country we have the privilege to live and work.
We pay our respects to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander custodians
past, present and emerging.

[About](/about) [Our Collaborators](/our-collaborators) [Contact
Us](/feedback) [Cite Us](/cite-us) [Terms &
Conditions](https://www.sbs.com.au/terms)
[Complaints](https://www.sbs.com.au/complaints)
[Privacy](https://www.sbs.com.au/privacy)

[![Facebook
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/ic_facebook.svg)
](https://www.facebook.com/culturalatlas/)[![Instagram
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/ic_instagram.svg)
](https://www.instagram.com/cultural_atlas/)

Opens an external site

© incluude 2023 [![Powered by Incluude
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/poweredbyincluude_light.svg)
](http://culturalatlas.sbs.com.au/incluude)

Skip Navigation

[ ![Cultural Atlas](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/inclusion_assets/CA-
logo.svg) ](/)

[ Join Us ](/#join-us)

  * [Cultures](/countries)
  * [Religions](/religions)
  * [Glossary](/glossary)
  * [Training and Resources](https://enquiries.inclusion-program.com.au/ca-training-resources?utm_campaign=ca_cta_topnav&utm_content=topnav&utm_medium=website&utm_source=cultural_atlas)
  * [About](/about)
  * [FAQ](/faq)

[Give Us Feedback](/feedback)

![](http://culturalatlas.sbs.com.au/rails/active_storage/blobs/eyJfcmFpbHMiOnsibWVzc2FnZSI6IkJBaHBBckFEIiwiZXhwIjpudWxsLCJwdXIiOiJibG9iX2lkIn19
--20aae404b33f18fc7c9972058590d83a6648298f/India.webp)

#  Indian Culture

![](/packs/media/images/icons/ic_location-
white-47f626f9d169126efa69ffef1a1ddf65.svg)

India

##  Communication

Primary Author

Chara Scroope,  2018

### Verbal

  * **Indirect Communication:** The communication style of Indians tends to be polite and indirect. They may try to speak appeasingly to those they are not close to in order to avoid conflict or confrontation. People often exchange opinions or viewpoints through negotiation rather than arguing that their perspective is definitively correct. This communication style can come across as ambiguous. Direct communication is reserved for relationships with a high level of trust or crucial situations. 
  * **Refusals:** Direct refusals, such as ‘no’, may be considered to be too harsh and open disagreement is likely to be interpreted as hostile or aggressive. Therefore, Indians tend to give evasive refusals and indirectly express disagreement. Indians may use phrases such as ‘maybe’ or ‘I'll do my best’ as a way to express ‘no'. Moreover, ‘yes' has various connotations that differ from the word's usage in English-speaking Western cultures. For example, an Indian may say ‘yes’ to indicate that they are listening to the speaker, whilst indicating disagreement or refusal through their body language.
  * **Silence:** Sometimes people will remain silent rather than provide a direct ‘no’. Thus, it is advisable to pay attention to what is not said, as the absence of agreement may be an expression of disagreement. 
  * **Questioning:** The cultural preoccupation with politeness and modesty can sometimes mean that some Indians automatically answer ‘yes' to direct questions that require a yes or no answer. For an Indian, a flat ‘no' may indicate that you wish to end the relationship. One way of navigating around ambiguity is to check for clarification several times using open-ended questions. For example, rather than asking “Is the shop this way?”, it is better to ask “Which way is the shop?”.
  * **Hierarchy:** The social hierarchy of Indian society often influences communication patterns in many scenarios. Respect and deference to authority figures in and outside the home are prevalent in various ways, such as being sensitive about how one refuses requests and disagrees with a senior’s opinion.

  

### Non-Verbal

  * **Physical Contact:** Indians prefer not to touch people when it can be avoided, but they may touch someone's arm or hand when speaking so long as they are the same gender. Body contact between the genders is kept minimal throughout most of India. For example, hugging, kissing and holding hands are not customary.
  * **Personal Space:** Indians generally respect each other's personal space and an arm's length of distance is common during interactions. This is usually a similar proximity to what Westerners are familiar with. They may stand further away from those who are of the opposite gender.
  * **Eye Contact:** In general, Indians prefer to keep eye contact minimal or avert their eyes from the opposite gender rather than sustaining eye contact. Some women may avoid eye contact altogether. Direct eye contact is generally appropriate so long as you divert your gaze every so often. 
  * **Whistling and Winking:** Both these actions are considered sexually suggestive in India.
  * **Head Tilt:** People may tilt their head to the side or shake it to both sides to indicate agreement and understanding. This head movement is similar to the Western gesture indicating “I don’t know” with a shrug of the shoulders and tilting one’s head to the side.
  * **Nodding:** Indians will often nod to acknowledge what is said out of politeness. However, this does not always mean they understand or agree. 
  * **Gestures:** Pointing the index finger towards someone is considered to be accusatory. A more polite way to beckon or refer to someone is to use your whole palm facing down. Standing with your hands on your hips suggests that you are angry or ready to argue. Holding or pulling on one's ears is a gesture that indicates sincerity or repentance.
  * **Head:** The head is considered to be the holiest part of one's body. Touching someone on the top of the head is deemed to be insensitive and offensive. 
  * **Feet:** Feet are thought to be the dirtiest part of the body, and displaying the soles of one’s feet or touching people with one’s feet is considered rude.

Get a downloadable PDF that you can share, print and read.

[ Buy Now | $9.00 ](https://buy.stripe.com/dR617q1NTe1p8w09CC)

__ Guaranteed secure ![stripe badge](/assets/stripe-badge-
fb2bba3f52bfde7bcbb5259b479508b4b44043ebdaf35fdfbae88e9387e681e4.svg)

[

A unified, searchable interface answering your questions on the world's
cultures and religions

Sign up for free __ ](https://enquiries.inclusion-program.com.au/ca-training-
resources?utm_campaign=ca_cta_sidebar&utm_content=cta&utm_medium=website&utm_source=cultural_atlas)

The Cultural Atlas team acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands
throughout Australia on whose country we have the privilege to live and work.
We pay our respects to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander custodians
past, present and emerging.

[About](/about) [Our Collaborators](/our-collaborators) [Contact
Us](/feedback) [Cite Us](/cite-us) [Terms &
Conditions](https://www.sbs.com.au/terms)
[Complaints](https://www.sbs.com.au/complaints)
[Privacy](https://www.sbs.com.au/privacy)

[![Facebook
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/ic_facebook.svg)
](https://www.facebook.com/culturalatlas/)[![Instagram
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/ic_instagram.svg)
](https://www.instagram.com/cultural_atlas/)

Opens an external site

© incluude 2023 [![Powered by Incluude
logo](https://dtbhzdanf36fd.cloudfront.net/incluude/poweredbyincluude_light.svg)
](http://culturalatlas.sbs.com.au/incluude)

