Skip to Main Navigation

[![The World Bank logo](/content/dam/wbr/logo/logo-wb-header-en.svg)
](https://www.worldbank.org)

Global Search Search button

  * [WHO WE ARE](/en/who-we-are)

Leadership, organization, and history

  * [WHAT WE DO](/en/what-we-do)

Projects, products, and services

  * [WHERE WE WORK](/en/where-we-work)

Countries and regions

  * [UNDERSTANDING POVERTY](/en/understanding-poverty)

Global data and statistics, research and publications, and topics in poverty
and development

  * [WORK WITH US](/en/work-with-us)

Jobs, procurement, training, and events

  * [News](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news)
  * [![WB Live](/content/dam/sites/corporate/img/global/wblive-logo-ENG-short_white2.png)](https://live.worldbank.org?intcid=wbw_nav_WBL_en_ext)

[The World Bank’s digital platform for live-
streaming](https://live.worldbank.org)

  * [WHO WE ARE](/en/who-we-are)

![megamenu-image-1](https://worldbank.scene7.com/is/image/worldbankprod/who-
we-are)

With 189 member countries, staff from more than 170 countries, and offices in
over 130 locations, the World Bank Group is a unique global partnership: five
institutions working for sustainable solutions that reduce poverty and build
shared prosperity in developing countries.

About the World Bank

    * [Overview](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/what-we-do)
    * [Organization](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/leadership)
    * [Partners](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/partners)
    * [History](https://www.worldbank.org/en/archive/history)
    * [Archives](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/archives)
    * [Anti-Racism Charter](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/statement/2021/11/11/world-bank-group-anti-racism-charter)

Accountability

    * [Annual Reports](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/annual-report)
    * [Access to Information](https://www.worldbank.org/en/access-to-information)
    * [Accountability Mechanism](https://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/accountability)
    * [Corporate Scorecard](https://scorecard.worldbank.org/)
    * [Data Privacy](https://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/accountability/data-privacy)
    * [World Bank Group Finances](https://financesapp.worldbank.org/summaries/ibrd-ida/#ibrd-net/)
    * [Integrity Vice Presidency](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/unit/integrity-vice-presidency)
    * [Inspection Panel](https://www.inspectionpanel.org/)
    * [Grievance Redress Service](https://www.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/products-and-services/grievance-redress-service)
    * [Independent Evaluation Group](https://ieg.worldbankgroup.org/)
    * [Compliance Advisor Ombudsman](https://www.cao-ombudsman.org/)
    * [Policies and Procedures](https://policies.worldbank.org/sites/PPF3/Pages/PPFHome.aspx)

Experts And Leaders

    * [Office of the President](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/president)
    * [Boards of Governors](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/leadership/governors)
    * [Boards of Directors](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/leadership/directors)
    * [Leadership](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/leadership/managers)
    * [Experts](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/people/all)

* * *

    * [News](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news)

  * [WHAT WE DO](/en/what-we-do)

![megamenu-image-1](https://worldbank.scene7.com/is/image/worldbankprod/what-
we-do)

The World Bank Group works in every major area of development. We provide a
wide array of financial products and technical assistance, and we help
countries share and apply innovative knowledge and solutions to the challenges
they face.

Development Projects

    * [Projects](https://projects.worldbank.org)
    * [By Country](https://projects.worldbank.org/country?lang=en&page=)
    * [By Sector](https://projects.worldbank.org/sector?lang=en&page=)
    * [By Theme](https://projects.worldbank.org/theme?lang=en&page=)
    * [Country Engagement](https://www.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/country-strategies)
    * [Environmental and Social Policies for Projects](https://www.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/environmental-and-social-policies)
    * [Procurement for Projects and Programs](https://www.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/products-and-services/procurement-projects-programs)
    * [Results](https://www.worldbank.org/en/results)

Priorities

    * [Climate](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/climatechange)
    * [Food Security](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/agriculture/brief/food-security-update)
    * [Human Capital](https://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/human-capital)
    * [International Development Association (IDA)](https://ida.worldbank.org/en/home)
    * [COVID-19 Hub](https://www.worldbank.org/en/who-we-are/news/coronavirus-covid19)

Knowledge

    * [Research & Publications](https://www.worldbank.org/en/research)
    * [Data](https://data.worldbank.org/)
    * [Learning](https://olc.worldbank.org/)
    * [Development Topics](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic)
    * [Open Knowledge Repository](https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/)
    * [Trust Fund Directory](https://www.worldbank.org/en/programs/trust-funds-and-programs)

Products & Services

    * [Financing Products & Advisory Services](https://www.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/products-and-services)
    * [Treasury](https://treasury.worldbank.org/)

  * [WHERE WE WORK](/en/where-we-work)

Countries country dropdown

    * [Afghanistan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/afghanistan)
    * [Albania](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/albania)
      * [shqip](https://www.worldbank.org/sq/country/albania)
    * [Algeria](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/algeria)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/algeria)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/algeria/ar)
    * [Angola](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/angola)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/angola)
    * [Antigua and Barbuda](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Argentina](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/argentina)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/argentina)
    * [Armenia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/armenia)
    * [Austria](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/austria)
    * [Azerbaijan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/azerbaijan)
    * [Bahrain](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena/brief/gcc)
    * [Bangladesh](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/bangladesh)
    * [Belarus](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/belarus)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/belarus)
    * [Belgium](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/belgium)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/belgium)
    * [Belize](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Benin](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/benin)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/benin)
    * [Bhutan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/bhutan)
    * [Bolivia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/bolivia)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/bolivia)
    * [Bosnia and Herzegovina](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/bosniaandherzegovina)
    * [Botswana](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/botswana)
    * [Brazil](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/brazil)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/brazil)
    * [Bulgaria](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/bulgaria)
      * [Български](https://www.worldbank.org/bg/country/bulgaria)
    * [Burkina Faso](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/burkinafaso)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/burkinafaso)
    * [Burundi](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/burundi)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/burundi)
    * [Cabo Verde](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caboverde)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/caboverde)
    * [Cambodia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/cambodia)
      * [ភាសាខ្មែរ](https://www.worldbank.org/km/country/cambodia)
    * [Cameroon](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/cameroon)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/cameroon)
    * [Canada](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/canada)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/canada)
    * [Central African Republic](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centralafricanrepublic)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/centralafricanrepublic)
    * [Chad](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/chad)
      * [Français](hhttps://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/chad)
    * [Chile](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/chile)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/chile)
    * [China](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/china)
      * [中文](https://www.shihang.org/zh/country/china)
    * [Colombia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/colombia)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/colombia)
    * [Comoros](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/comoros)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/comoros)
    * [Democratic Republic of Congo](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/drc)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/drc)
    * [Republic of Congo](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/congo)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/congo)
    * [Costa Rica](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/costarica)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/costarica)
    * [Cote d'Ivoire](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/cotedivoire)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/cotedivoire)
    * [Croatia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/croatia)
    * [Czech Republic](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Denmark](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/denmark)
    * [Djibouti](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/djibouti)
    * [Dominica](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Dominican Republic](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/dominicanrepublic)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/dominicanrepublic)
    * [Ecuador](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/ecuador)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/ecuador)
    * [Egypt](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/egypt)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/egypt)
    * [El Salvador](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/elsalvador)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/elsalvador)
    * [Equatorial Guinea](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/equatorialguinea)
    * [Eritrea](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/eritrea)
    * [Estonia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Ethiopia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/ethiopia)
    * [Europe (Western)](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/westerneurope)
    * [Fiji](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Finland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/finland)
    * [France](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/france)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/france)
    * [Gabon](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/gabon)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/gabon)
    * [The Gambia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/gambia)
    * [Georgia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/georgia)
    * [Germany](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/germany)
    * [Ghana](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/ghana)
    * [Greece](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/greece)
    * [Grenada](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Guatemala](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/guatemala)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/guatemala)
    * [Guinea](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/guinea)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/guinea)
    * [Guinea-Bissau](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/guineabissau)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/guineabissau)
    * [Guyana](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Haiti](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/haiti)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/haiti)
    * [Honduras](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/honduras)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/honduras)
    * [Hungary](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Iceland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/iceland)
    * [India](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/india)
      * [Hindi](https://www.worldbank.org/hi/country/india)
    * [Indonesia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/indonesia)
      * [Bahasa](https://www.worldbank.org/in/country/indonesia)
    * [Iran](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/iran)
    * [Iraq](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/iraq)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/iraq)
    * [Israel](https://data.worldbank.org/country/israel)
    * [Italy](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/italy)
    * [Jamaica](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/jamaica)
    * [Japan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/japan)
      * [日本語](https://www.worldbank.org/ja/country/japan)
    * [Jordan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/jordan)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/jordan)
    * [Kazakhstan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/kazakhstan)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/kazakhstan)
    * [Kenya](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/kenya)
    * [Kiribati](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Korea](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/korea)
    * [Kosovo](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/kosovo)
    * [Kuwait](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena/brief/gcc)
    * [Kyrgyz Republic](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/kyrgyzrepublic)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/kyrgyzrepublic)
    * [Lao PDR](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/lao)
    * [Latvia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Lebanon](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/lebanon)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/lebanon)
    * [Lesotho](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/lesotho)
    * [Liberia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/liberia)
    * [Libya](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/libya)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/libya)
    * [Lithuania](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Luxembourg](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/luxembourg)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/luxembourg)
    * [FYR of Macedonia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/macedonia)
      * [македонски](https://www.worldbank.org/mk/country/macedonia)
    * [Madagascar](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/madagascar)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/madagascar)
    * [Malawi](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/malawi)
    * [Malaysia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/malaysia)
    * [Maldives](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/maldives)
    * [Mali](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mali)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/mali)
    * [Marshall Islands](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Mauritania](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mauritania)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/mauritania)
    * [Mauritius](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mauritius)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/mauritius)
    * [Mexico](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mexico)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/mexico)
    * [FS Micronesia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Moldova](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/moldova)
      * [română](https://www.worldbank.org/ro/country/moldova)
    * [Mongolia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mongolia)
      * [Монгол](https://www.worldbank.org/mn/country/mongolia)
    * [Montenegro](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/montenegro)
    * [Morocco](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/morocco)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/morocco)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/morocco)
    * [Mozambique](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mozambique)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/mozambique)
    * [Myanmar](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/myanmar)
    * [Namibia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/namibia)
    * [Nepal](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/nepal)
    * [Netherlands](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/netherlands)
    * [Nicaragua](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/nicaragua)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/nicaragua)
    * [Niger](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/niger)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/niger)
    * [Nigeria](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/nigeria)
    * [Norway](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/norway)
    * [Oman](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena/brief/gcc)
    * [Pakistan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pakistan)
    * [Palau](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Panama](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/panama)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/panama)
    * [Papua New Guinea](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/png)
    * [Paraguay](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/paraguay)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/paraguay)
    * [Peru](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/peru)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/peru)
    * [Philippines](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/philippines)
    * [Poland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/poland)
      * [Polski](https://www.worldbank.org/pl/country/poland)
    * [Portugal](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/portugal)
    * [Qatar](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena/brief/gcc)
    * [Romania](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/romania)
      * [Română](https://www.worldbank.org/ro/country/romania)
    * [Russia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/russia)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/russia)
    * [Rwanda](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/rwanda)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/rwanda)
    * [Samoa](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Sao Tome and Principe](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/saotome)
      * [Português](https://www.worldbank.org/pt/country/saotome)
    * [Senegal](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/senegal)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/senegal)
    * [Serbia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/serbia)
    * [Seychelles](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/seychelles)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/seychelles)
    * [Sierra Leone](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/sierraleone)
    * [Singapore](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/singapore)
    * [Slovak Republic](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Slovenia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/centraleuropeandthebaltics)
    * [Solomon Islands](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Somalia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/somalia)
    * [South Africa](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/southafrica)
    * [South Sudan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/southsudan)
    * [Spain](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/spain)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/spain)
    * [Sri Lanka](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/srilanka)
    * [St. Kitts and Nevis](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [St. Lucia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [St. Vincent and Grenadines](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Sudan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/sudan)
    * [Suriname](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Swaziland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/swaziland)
    * [Sweden](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/sweden)
    * [Switzerland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/switzerland)
    * [Syria](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/syria)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/syria)
    * [Tajikistan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/tajikistan)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/tajikistan)
    * [Tanzania](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/tanzania)
    * [Thailand](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/thailand)
      * [ภาษาไทย](https://www.worldbank.org/th/country/thailand)
    * [Timor Leste (East Timor)](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/timor-leste)
    * [Togo](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/togo)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/togo)
    * [Tonga](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Trinidad and Tobago](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Tunisia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/tunisia)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/tunisia)
      * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/country/tunisia)
    * [Turkey](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/turkey)
      * [Türkçe](https://www.worldbank.org/tr/country/turkey)
    * [Turkmenistan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/turkmenistan)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/turkmenistan)
    * [Tuvalu](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Uganda](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/uganda)
    * [Ukraine](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/ukraine)
      * [Yкраїнський](https://www.worldbank.org/uk/country/ukraine)
    * [United Arab Emirates](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena/brief/gcc)
    * [United Kingdom](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/unitedkingdom)
    * [United States of America](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/unitedstates)
    * [Uruguay](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/uruguay)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/uruguay)
    * [Uzbekistan](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/uzbekistan)
      * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org/ru/country/uzbekistan)
    * [Vanuatu](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Venezuela](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/venezuela)
      * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/country/venezuela)
    * [Vietnam](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/vietnam)
      * [Tiẽng Việt](https://www.worldbank.org/vi/country/vietnam)
    * [West Bank and Gaza](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/westbankandgaza)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/westbankandgaza)
    * [Yemen](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/yemen)
      * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org/ar/country/yemen)
    * [Zambia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/zambia)
    * [Zimbabwe](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/zimbabwe)

Recent Searches

Regions

    * [Africa](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/afr)
    * [East Asia and Pacific](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/eap)
    * [Europe and Central Asia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/eca)
    * [Latin America and Caribbean](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/lac)
    * [Middle East and North Africa](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/mena)
    * [South Asia](https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/sar)

Country Groups

    * [European Union](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/eu)
    * [Middle Income Countries](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/mic)
    * [Organization of Eastern Caribbean States](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/caribbean)
    * [Pacific Islands](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/pacificislands)
    * [Small States](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/smallstates)
    * [Gulf Cooperation Council](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/gcc)
    * [Western Europe](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work/westerneurope)

  * [UNDERSTANDING POVERTY](/en/understanding-poverty)

![megamenu-
image-1](https://worldbank.scene7.com/is/image/worldbankprod/megamenu-photo-
pakistan)

We face big challenges to help the world’s poorest people and ensure that
everyone sees benefits from economic growth. Data and research help us
understand these challenges and set priorities, share knowledge of what works,
and measure progress.

Data & Research

    * [Open Data](https://data.worldbank.org/)
    * [By Country](https://data.worldbank.org/country)
    * [By Indicator](https://data.worldbank.org/indicator)
    * [Research & Publications](https://www.worldbank.org/en/research)

Development Topics

    * [Climate Change](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/climatechange)
    * [Agriculture and Food](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/agriculture)
    * [Fragility, Conflict, and Violence](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/fragilityconflictviolence)
    * [Poverty](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty)
    * [Debt](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/debt)
    * [Education](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/education)
    * [Health](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/health)
    * [Energy](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/energy)
    * [Food Security](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/agriculture/brief/food-security-update)
    * [All Development Topics](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic)

* * *

Search button

  * [WORK WITH US](/en/work-with-us)

For Job Seekers

    * [Jobs](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/careers)
    * [Programs & Internships](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/careers/programs-and-internships)

For Partners

    * [Partners](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/partners)
    * [Corporate and Private Foundations](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/foundation-partnerships)
    * [Clients](https://clientconnection.worldbank.org/servlet/main?menuPK=234032&pagePK=232663&piPK=234033)
    * [Private Sector](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/partners/the-world-bank-group-and-private-sector)
    * [Corporate Procurement ](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/corporate-procurement)
    * [Civil Society](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/partners/civil-society)
    * [Consultations](https://consultations.worldbank.org/?map=1)
    * [Parliamentarians](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/parliamentarians)

For Investors

    * [World Bank Bonds & Investment Products](https://treasury.worldbank.org/en/about/unit/treasury/ibrd)
    * [Treasury](https://treasury.worldbank.org/)

For Learners

    * [Open Learning Campus](https://olc.worldbank.org/)

Meet Us

    * [Events](https://www.worldbank.org/en/events)
    * [World Bank Live](https://live.worldbank.org/)
    * [Speaker's Bureau](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/speakers-bureau)
    * [Spring & Annual Meetings](https://www.worldbank.org/en/meetings/splash)

* * *

    * [ Contacts & Inquiries ](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/contacts)

  * [![WB Live](/content/dam/sites/corporate/img/global/wblive-logo-ENG-short_white2.png)](https://live.worldbank.org?intcid=wbw_nav_WBL_en_ext)

global Search dropdown

![Search graphic](/etc/designs/wbrrdesign/clientlibs-wbrredsign/img/search-
orange.svg)

Search

Search button

  1. [Who We Are](/en/who-we-are)
  2. [News](/en/news)

  * This page in: EN _dropdown_

  * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/news/feature/2017/07/30/in-bangladesh-migrant-workers-can-dream-of-a-better-life-with-access-to-better-resources)
  * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/news/feature/2017/07/30/in-bangladesh-migrant-workers-can-dream-of-a-better-life-with-access-to-better-resources)

This page in:_

  * English
  * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org/es/news/feature/2017/07/30/in-bangladesh-migrant-workers-can-dream-of-a-better-life-with-access-to-better-resources)
  * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org/fr/news/feature/2017/07/30/in-bangladesh-migrant-workers-can-dream-of-a-better-life-with-access-to-better-resources)

* [_dropdown_ ](javascript:toggleMore\('#more-language','#dropdown-more-language'\))

FEATURE STORY July 30, 2017

# In Bangladesh, Migrant Workers Can Dream of a Better Life with Access to
Better Resources

  * [ __Email ]()
  * [ __Print ](/en/news/feature/2017/07/30/in-bangladesh-migrant-workers-can-dream-of-a-better-life-with-access-to-better-resources.print)

  * __Tweet
  * __Share
  * __Share
  * __

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/icons-linkin32x32.svg)](javascript:share\('https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url='\);)

[LinkedIn](javascript:share\('https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url='\);
"LinkedIn")

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/sm-icons-digg.svg)](javascript:share\('https://digg.com/submit?url='\);)

[Digg](javascript:share\('https://digg.com/submit?url='\); "Digg")

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/sm-icons-renren.svg)](javascript:share\('https://share.renren.com/share/buttonshare.do?link='\);)

[人人网](javascript:share\('https://share.renren.com/share/buttonshare.do?link='\);
"人人网")

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/icons-stumbleupon.svg)](javascript:share\('https://www.stumbleupon.com/submit?url='\);)

[Stumble Upon](javascript:share\('https://www.stumbleupon.com/submit?url='\);
"Stumble Upon")

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/sm-icons-delicious.svg)](javascript:share\('https://delicious.com/save?url='\);)

[Delicious](javascript:share\('https://delicious.com/save?url='\);
"Delicious")

    * [ ![Image](/content/dam/wbr/stayconnected/sina-32x32.svg)](javascript:share\('https://v.t.sina.com.cn/share/share.php?title='\);)

[新浪微博](javascript:share\('https://v.t.sina.com.cn/share/share.php?title='\);
"新浪微博")

![Image](/content/dam/photos/780x439/2017/jul-2/Bangladesh--Migrant-Workers-
Can-Dream-of-a-Better-Life-with-Access-to-Better-Resources.jpg)

The Safe Migration for Bangladeshi Workers (SMBW) Project aims to help
vulnerable, young and semi-skilled Bangladeshi migrant workers access training
opportunities, reliable information and services to improve their migration

* * *

### STORY HIGHLIGHTS

  * Migration, a major pillar for the Bangladesh economy, remains a challenging process for aspiring migrants, many of whom are unskilled or under-schooled.

  * The Safe Migration for Bangladeshi Workers (SMBW) Project has helped migrants and their families access reliable information to enable their safe migration.

  * With the help of community-based organizations, SMBW has reached over 1 million prospective migrant workers in in 80 sub-districts.

* * *

#### MULTIMEDIA

SLIDE SHOW Jul 30, 2017

#### [Safe Migration for Bangladeshi Workers
Project](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/video/2017/07/30/safe-migration-
for-bangladeshi-workers-project)

* * *

Boarding a plane from Dhaka’s ShahJalal International Airport is almost never
complete without encountering uniform clad, wide-eyed, anxious young men, and
sometimes women, lining up with belongings for possibly their first ever
journey to anywhere outside Bangladesh.

Elsewhere around the airport, there are emotionally charged scenes with
children clinging to their fathers, teary eyed mothers, and sometimes entire
villages coming to see off their next of kin. Going to a new country without
the certainty of returning is daunting to say the least.

To reach their aspirations, Bangladeshi migrant workers put a lot at stake.
Leaving behind their families and children unattended in a predominantly male-
dominated society is only part of the story.

**Nevertheless, migration continues to be a major pillar for the economy of
Bangladesh**

Half a million Bangladeshis migrated to various countries in 2015, adding to
the 9 million Bangladeshi migrants already living abroad, many since the
1970s.

Remittance inflows in FY2016 alone were nearly $15 billion, and based on a
five-year average, account for about 9 per cent of the country’s GDP. In
addition, international migration eases the pressure on the domestic economy
by absorbing up to 500,000 workers each year.

 **Challenges**

However, one of the persistent challenges is that more than half the migrant
workers from Bangladesh are classified as less-skilled. With little education
and poor access to information, the desperation to rise out of poverty can
cloud basic awareness and judgment of utilizing reliable services and safe
channels of migration.

Only 10 per cent of Bangladeshi workers migrate through formal channels. As a
result, a vast majority frequently fall victim to fraudulent middlemen and
exploitative employers, leading to loss of their lifetime savings and assets;
harassment; abuse and imprisonment.

 **Supporting migrants and their families**

The Safe Migration for Bangladeshi Workers (SMBW) Project aims to help
vulnerable, young and semi-skilled Bangladeshi migrant workers access training
opportunities, reliable information and services to improve their migration.

Implemented by BRAC, financed by the Japan Social Development Fund (JSDF) and
administered by the World Bank, SMBW provides support to select Community
Based Organizations (CBOs) and partner NGOs to pilot additional services and
support to migrants in 80 Upazilas across 20 districts in Bangladesh.

CBOs provide pre-departure and safe migration information to aspiring migrant
family members through awareness workshops in courtyards and schools,
infotainment, and community radios. Further, CBOs help migrants and their
families fill out application forms and complete migration documentation to
obtain work permit, job contracts, and clearances required by host countries.

Out of the 77 CBOs and partner NGOs working in partnership with BRAC to
implement the SMBW project, eight have been awarded innovation grants to
develop low cost and high impact safe migration awareness sessions, encourage
women’s empowerment and migration, improve workers’ skills, and provide
arbitration in case of fraudulence.

* * *

  * 57 percent of aspiring migrants supported through SMBW became aware of the documents required for safe migration.
  * 33 percent aspiring migrants had been unable to migrate successfully
  * Over 1 million aspiring migrants and family members were reached through infotainment e.g. interactive theater, video shows, courtyard sessions etc.
  * About 30,000 aspiring migrants were provided with pre-decision and pre-departure orientation and training.

 **What’s Next?**

The SMBW Project has demonstrated that partnerships between CBOs and the local
government can sustainably deliver migrant friendly services. The innovative
models built and the insights retrieved are potentially scalable and
replicable and continue to support future programming discussions at the World
Bank and BRAC with the Government of Bangladesh.  
  
 **Basic Information**

Date of approval

|

June 21, 2013  
  
---|---  
  
Date of completion

|

June 21, 2017  
  
Total commitment

|

US$ 2.58 million  
  
Implementing agency

|

BRAC  
  
* * *

* * *

### RELATED

WORLD BANK

  * [ Safe Migration for Bangladeshi Workers Project](https://projects.worldbank.org/en/projects-operations/project-detail/P125302?lang=en)
  * [ An Innovative Approach to Promoting Safe Migration: Three Lessons from Bangladesh](https://blogs.worldbank.org/endpovertyinsouthasia/innovative-approach-promoting-safe-migration-three-lessons-learned-bangladesh)
  * [ Benefiting from Safe Migration: Slideshow](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/video/2017/07/30/safe-migration-for-bangladeshi-workers-project)

  * [Case Studies Publication: Promoting Safe Migration through Innovation](http://www.brac.net/sites/default/files/portals/Safe_Migration_through_Innovation_December_2016.pdf)

Api

![](/etc/designs/wbr/clientlibs/img/loaderwb.svg)

Api

![](/etc/designs/wbr/clientlibs/img/loaderwb.svg)

  * [Who We Are](https://www.worldbank.org/en/who-we-are)
  * [Data](https://data.worldbank.org)
  * [Research and Publications](https://www.worldbank.org/en/research)
  * [Learning](https://olc.worldbank.org)

  * [News](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news)
  * [Projects and Operations](https://projects.worldbank.org/?lang=en)
  * [Countries](https://www.worldbank.org/en/where-we-work)
  * [Topics](https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic)

* * *

FOLLOW US

Follow us

  * [![World Bank Facebook page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/fb.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/worldbank)
  * [![World Bank twitter page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/twitter.svg)](https://www.twitter.com/worldbank)
  * [![World Bank linkedln page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/linkedln.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-world-bank)
  * [![World Bank instagram page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/instagram.svg)](https://instagram.com/worldbank/)
  * [![World Bank youtube page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/user/WorldBank)
  * [![World Bank flickr page](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/icons/flickr.svg)](https://www.flickr.com/photos/worldbank)

newsletter

[SUBSCRIBE HERE](https://www.worldbank.org/en/newsletter-subscription)

This Site in:

English

  * [Español](https://www.bancomundial.org)
  * [Français](https://www.banquemondiale.org)
  * [عربي](https://www.albankaldawli.org)
  * [Русский](https://www.vsemirnyjbank.org)
  * [中文](https://www.shihang.org)
  * [View All »](https://www.worldbank.org/en/language-resources)

  * [Legal](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/legal)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/legal/privacy-notice)
  * [Site Accessibility](https://www.worldbank.org/en/who-we-are/site-accessibility)
  * [Access to Information](https://www.worldbank.org/en/access-to-information)
  * [Jobs](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/careers)
  * [Contact](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/contacts)

  * [SCAM ALERTS](https://www.worldbank.org/en/about/legal/scams)
  * [REPORT FRAUD OR CORRUPTION](https://wbgcmsprod.microsoftcrmportals.com/en-US/anonymous-users/int-fraud-management/create-new-complaint/)

  * [ ![World Bank Group logo](/content/dam/wbr-redesign/logos/logo-wbg-footer-en.svg)](https://www.worldbank.org/)
  * [IBRD](https://www.worldbank.org/en/who-we-are/ibrd "International Bank for Reconstruction and Development")
  * [IDA](https://ida.worldbank.org/ "International Development Association")
  * [IFC](https://www.ifc.org/ "International Finance Corporation")
  * [MIGA](https://www.miga.org/ "Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency")
  * [ICSID](https://icsid.worldbank.org/ "International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes")

©  The World Bank, All Rights Reserved.

